be sure to tune in and watch donald trump on late night with david letterman as he presents the top ten list tonight! donald trump will be appearing on the view tomorrow morning to discuss celebrity apprentice and his new book think like a champion! donald trump reads top ten financial tips on late show with david letterman: - very funny! new blog post: celebrity apprentice finale and lessons learned along the way:. my persona will never be that of a wallflower - id rather build walls than cling to them --donald j. trump. miss usa tara conner will not be fired - i ve always been a believer in second chances. says donald trump. listen to an interview with donald trump discussing his new book think like a champion:. strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact. --donald j. trump. enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest:. when the achiever achieves it s not a plateau its a beginning. --donald j. trump. dont be afraid of being unique - it s like being afraid of your best self. --donald j. trump. we win in our lives by having a champion s view of each moment. --donald j. trump. ...these days...we could all use a little of the power of trumpative thinking. barnesandnoble.com. always know you could be on the precipice of something great. --donald j. trump. read a great interview with donald trump that appeared in the new york times magazine:. keep it fast short and direct - whatever it is. --donald j. trump. don t forget to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest:. did you know donald trump is on facebook? - become a fan today! your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone. --donald j. trump. read an excerpt from think like a champion by donald j. trump:. you have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward. --donald j. trump. check out donald trump s new igoogle showcase page:. if you don t have problems you re pretending or you don t run your own business. donald j. trump. last week to enter the think like a champion signed book and keychain contest:. today is donald trump s birthday! send him your b day wishes here:. thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes donald trump. re: fb vanity urls: sf chronicle - david beckham was one of the first along with britney spears & donald trump. - wishing a happy father s day to all the dad s out there - you are a champion today and everyday! expand your life every day. donald j. trump. donald trumps commercial-free wwe raw does big rating:. re: michael jackson: he was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer. its a devastating loss! -donald j. trump. watch a powerful and frank interview with donald trump about the economy on greta van susteren s on the record:. here s to a safe and happy independence day for one and all - enjoy it! --donald j. trump. be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation. --donald j. trump. donald trump backs apprentice randal pinkett for n.j. lieutenant governor:. congrats to winners from around the world who entered the think like a champion signed book keychain contest! check out a list of donald trump s books for summer reading at the trump university blog:. browse donald trump s summer reading list for business success at the trump university blog:. think. thats the first step. use all your power to utilize and develop that capability --donald j. trump. ivanka is now on twitter - you can follow her @ivankatrump - have a terrific weekend! -- watch donald trump s recent appearance on the late show with david letterman:. watch the miss universe competition live from the bahamas - sunday 8 23 @ 9pm et on nbc:. reminder: the miss universe competition will be live from the bahamas - tonight @ 9pm est on nbc:. - donald trump bids to buy the oreo double stuf racing league. check it out:. - more hysterical dsrl videos featuring donald trump and double trump plus enter golden lick race sweepstakes:. read donald trump s top ten tips for success:. a lot of people have imagination but can t execute--you have to execute with the imagination. --donald j. trump. - read what donald trump has to say about daughter ivanka s upcoming new book the trump card:. watch video of ivanka trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on gma:. hear donald trump discuss big gov spending banks & taxes on your world w neil cavuto:. --from donald trump: ivanka and jareds wedding was spectacular and they make a beautiful couple. im a very proud father. --work has begun ahead of schedule to build the greatest golf course in history: trump international scotland. donald trump partners with tv1 on new reality series entitled omarosa s ultimate merger:. wishing you and yours a very happy and bountiful thanksgiving! trump international tower in chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by council on tall buildings & urban habitat. from donald trump: wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy healthy prosperous new year. lets think like champions in 2010! celebrity apprentice returns to nbc sunday 3 14 9-11pm et pt. outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet! trump tycoon app for iphone & ipod touch - it s 2.99 but the advice is priceless! from donald trump: i saw lady gaga last night and she was fantastic! golf channel & donald trump s world of golf host a celebrity match 1 25 @ tngc la ca - mark wahlberg vs. kevin dillon. superbowl sunday is a great american tradition. the colts and saints are already champions but may the best team win! donald trump appearing today on cnn internationals connect the world as connector of the day. submit questions:. donald trump appeared on the final episode of the jay leno show to deliver a very special message:. from donald trump: im so proud of my wife melania and the launch of her new jewelry line to debut on qvc on april 30th at 9 p.m. from donald trump: andrea bocelli @ mar-a-lago - many say best night of entertainment in long history of palm beach. the celebrity apprentice has a two-hour premiere this sunday march 14th at 9 p.m. on nbc. this will be the best season yet see you then! the new season of the celebrity apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p.m. hour in every key demographic. olympic gold medalist evan lysacek just left my office. he is in town and wanted to meet me--he s a fanastic guy and a true champion. i am happy to announce that theoriginal apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back. last week s episode of the celebrity apprentice set the stage for a great new season. tune in this sunday on nbc for even more excitement. the trump hotel collection is currently nominated for conde nast traveler readers choice awards travel & leisure and world travel awards. the original apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next apprentice? for casting details:. the nyc casting call for the apprentice is thisthursday april 1 at trump tower. for all the information you need go to nbc.com casting. don t forget the open call at trump tower tomorrow for the apprentice. i look forward to seeing you there. today s open call drew thousands of eager applicants. it was an impressive group i enjoyed meeting them. we ve got some great candidates! last night melania and i attended the skating with the stars gala at wollman rink in central park it was fantastic. stay tuned for part 2.. then we attended the scottish fashion show that benefits veterans dressed to kilt 2010 which i co-hosted with sir sean and lady connery. my bestselling book from last april think like a champion is now available in paperback. it s inspiring entertaining and a great read. trump soho opens this friday and it is fantastic! check out the trump hotel collection... this is a terrific day for downtown new york. trump soho is unlike anything else. be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon! the premiere of donald j. trump s fabulous world of golf is tomorrow night at 9 p.m.et on golf channel. tune in for a great adventure! looking forward to seeing the world champion yankees today on opening day! before kids can go places they need a place to go -- the motto of the police athletic league an organization i m very proud to support. on sunday jerome bettis the bus from the pittsburgh steelers will play at trump int l golf club palm beach against julius erving dr j. tune in to the marriage ref onthursday night at 10 p.m. on nbc--i m on the panel of experts along with gloria estefan & adam carolla. melania and i saw american idiot on broadway last night and it was great. an amazing theatrical experience! melania and i will be appearing on the view tomorrow at 11 a.m. on cbs. tune in for some great fun! to put on your calendar for may: miss usa 2010 live from las vegas on may 16th 7 p.m. et on nbc. i ll be there--tune in for a great show! our thoughts and prayers remain with bret michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery. melania and i will be appearing on larry king live tonight 9 p.m. on cnn. be sure to tune in for some great conversation! melania will be on qvc tomorrow night at 9 p.m. et to introduce her beautiful and inspiring melania timepieces & fashion jewelry collection. be sure to look for my beautiful wife melania trump tonight on qvc at 9 pm et where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection. looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 p.m. et hosted by curtis stone and natalie morales. also appearing on the miss usa pageant will be country superstar trace adkins and pop rock sensation boys like girls... providing backstage commentary at the miss usa pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo joan and melissa rivers. a fantastic lineup! we re all very happy to hear of bret michael s progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery. looking forward to the 2010 miss usa pageant sunday may 16 on nbc 7 p.m. et hosted by curtis stone & natalie morales live from las vegas. congratulations to our new miss usa the beautiful rima fakih. rima will represent us well at miss universe and be a wonderful miss usa . put this on your calendar: the celebrity apprentice live finale is this sunday at 9 p.m. on nbc. who will be the next celebrity apprentice? check out ivanka s new facebook page and keep up with what s happening--from the celebrity apprentice to jewlery to free tickets and more.. the latest update on bret michaels is that he s making every effort to attend the live finale of celebrity apprentice on sunday--so tune in! who s your pick--@bretmichaels or @hollyrpeete ? vote now on ivanka s new facebook page! congratulations to bret michaels the new celebrity apprentice. bret s a true champion all of us were happy to see him and to see him win! ivanka caught up with bret and holly backstage. both bret and holly were champions all the way. the ratings for the celebrity apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time. it was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone! scotland is beautiful. i spent several years looking for the right place visiting over 200 sites and this is absolutely the right place! the north coast of scotland is spectacular--the sea the sand dunes the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic. the dunes here are amazing and they re how i learned about geomorphology which is the study of movement landforms. we ve had a great trip. wishing everyone a happy memorial day weekend with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom. i ll be turning the table on larry king this saturday night. i ll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th anniversary of his show. checking out the course at tngc westchester and it is fantastic. should be a great season. be sure to watch the larry king show tomorrow night on cnn 9 p.m. i ll be the host larry the guest. tonight i trade places with larry king @kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show. 9pm on cnn featuring best clips. i am honored to be chosen by gray line for their ny ride of fame campaign. today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of trump tower. check out gray line s site for the donald trump ride of fame... rima fakih our beautiful miss usa rode with me on the gray line ride of fame yesterday... wsj covers ride of fame. had a fantastic dinner last night at quattro in the trump soho hotel. it s already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city. and trump soho new york is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere.... tune in tonight at 9 pm on tv one for the ultimate merger starring the one and only omarosa and twelve brave bachelors ... the ultimate merger:. tonight be sure to watch melania and ivanka on larry king live for a celebrity relief telethon. for more information on tonight s two hour telethon 8 to 10 p.m.:. great job on the larry king live gulf telethon last night-- 1.3 million was raised in 2 hours. the eric trump foundation has raised over 1000000 towards st. jude children s research hospital. trading shots with donald trump --a great article in the wall street journal. work is expected to begin today on my golf course in scotland. it will be spectacular! wishing everyone a wonderful independence day weekend. we have a lot to be thankful for. due to popular demand cnn will re-broadcast the larry king live show i hosted in june in which i interview larry. monday july 5 9 pm cnn. the new edition of the apprentice will be on thursdays this fall at 10 pm et---i m putting people back to work! george steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend. there will never be anyone like him in new york. we ve lost a truly great man. visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend...this is one... and here s another.... and yet another ...all of them are spectacular. i m proud to accept the 2010 hollyrod foundation humanitarian award from holly robinson peete who raised 700000 on celebrity apprentice. could this be my newest apprentice? ...enter the contest .. . i m helping the serta counting sheep get back to work. enter the contest and win a trip to las vegas.. and stay at the fantastic trump international hotel las vegas ... enter the contest.... stay at trump international hotel las vegas. the miss universe pageant will be on august 23 9-11 p.m. on nbc et with bret michaels and natalie morales to co-host live from las vegas. performing live on the miss universe pageant from the mandalay bay resort & casino will be telemundo orianthi john legend and the roots. mark your calenders for august 23rd:. eric s sept. 14th event will be held at trump national golf club westchester. check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite? www.youtube.com user mattressserta. check out the last webisode www.youtube.com user mattressserta in our 3 part series featuring me with serta. which one was your favorite? friday is the last day to enter the counting sheep for hire contest. click here www.youtube.com user mattressserta and you could win a trip. that trip would be to the trump international hotel las vegas... so don t forget to enter the serta counting sheep for hire contest! www.youtube.com user mattressserta. the original apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on thursday september 16th. looking forward to a fantastic season! four more days until the miss universe pageant. be sure to tune in on monday night at 9 p.m. on nbc--it will be an amazing show. it s going to get hotter in las vegas tonight! watch the miss universe pageant tonight on nbc at 9 p.m. i m looking forward to being there! congratulations to miss mexico jimena navarrete our new miss universe 2010 and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show. the miss universe pageant raked in some great ratings! a great job by everyone. spent a beautiful weekend golfing at trump national golf club westchester and trump national golf club bedminster. went to the yankees game last night with bill o reilly--we had a great time watching the yankees win! i ll be on the late show with david letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show. 11:30 pm on cbs. check out serta s counting sheep and me at the trump international hotel new york. check out trump international hotel & tower new york --spectacular! i was invited by caroline wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the u.s. open yesterday. she s fantastic! there s a lot going on at the eric trump foundation ... coming up soon: the two hour premiere of the apprentice. next thursday september 16th at 9 pm on nbc. i am very happy to have the civilian version of the apprentice back on the air this fall. there will be excitement as well as opportunity. eric did a great job with his eric trump foundation annual charity outing. i m proud of him. don t forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of the apprentice. 9 pm est on nbc. we re all in for a fantastic new season! be sure to tune in for melania s second qvc show for melania timepieces & jewelry tonight live from 9-10 pm on qvc. don t forget to tune in tonight at 10 p.m. on nbc for another action packed episode of the apprentice. see the new sizzle reel for the apprentice. tune in tonight at 10 pm on nbc for another exciting episode of the apprentice -- and see the dog whisperer make an appearance. read ivanka s blog about last night s apprentice on entertainment weekly ... i m honored to be presented the award of doctor of business administration honoris causa from robert gordon university in aberdeen scotland. don t forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of the apprentice--10 p.m. on nbc. scotland is beautiful and trump internatonal golf links-scotland is progressing beautifully as well. be sure to watch the apprentice tonight 10 p.m. on nbc--it s an episode you won t forget! an hr solutions company polled 1000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses... don t forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of the apprentice-- 10 pm on nbc. be prepared for a sensational episode of the apprentice tomorrow night 10 pm on nbc. i was on the view this morning. we talked about the apprentice. tonight s episode is a great one--tough exciting and surprising. 10 pm nbc. i ll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with greta van susteren 10 p.m. on fox news. it will be the first of a two part series. tonight s episode of the apprentice is one you won t want to miss! be sure to tune in--10 p.m. on nbc. tonight s episode of the apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don t miss it! 10 p.m. on nbc. my interview last week with greta van susteren is available here in slightly abridged form. good info to know about. we re getting down to the wire on the apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action! 10 p.m. on nbc. cnbc titans: donald trump will be shown friday nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am sunday 11 21 at 9 pm and 11 24 at 7 pm. staff sgt. salvatore a. giunta received the medal of honor from pres. obama this month. it was a great honor to have him visit me today. watch cnn tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a thanksgiving special hosted by john king. i ll be a featured guest. tomorrow night s episode of the apprentice delivers excitement at qvc along with appearances by isaac mizrahi and cathie black. 10 pm on nbc. my best wishes to everyone for a happy thanksgiving! congratulations to evan lysacek for being nominated si sportsman of the year. he s a great guy and he has my vote! #evanforsi. tonight s episode of the apprentice is one of the best ever--we re down to the final 3 and it s high excitement all the way. 10 pm on nbc. tonight is the apprentice finale---and it s a fantastic episode in every way with the great liza minnelli performing and a new apprentice! congratulations to brandy as our new apprentice and to clint for being a great player. it s been a terrific season! all the hotels currently open in the trump hotel collection have been nominated for travel & leisure s world s best awards 2011 ..... those five hotels includetrump international hotel & tower new york trump soho new york trump international hotel & tower chicago... ...trump international hotel las vegas and trump international hotel & tower waikiki beach walk. i ll be appearing on larry king live for his final show thursday night at 9 p.m. cnn. larry s been on tv for 25 years... don t forget to watch larry king tonight cnn at 9 pm. he s a television legend and a great friend. it s going to be a fantastic farewell. wishing everyone a very happy holiday season! wishing everyone a happy healthy and prosperous new year! watch me on late night with jimmy fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a.m. on nbc--i ll be making a big announcement! this afternoon i ll be speaking with neil cavuto on your world with neil cavuto 4 p.m. on fox news. don t forget to watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon 12:35 a.m. on nbc. i ll be making a big announcement! busy doing phoners this week with neil cavuto wolf blitzer fox & friends and larry kudlow....check out. don t miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning january 31 at 9 pm et. celebrity matches and more... the people at shouldtrumprun.com have got it right! how are our factories supposed to compete with china and other countries... ...when they have no environmental restrictions! america s workers need us. watch melania on qvc this morning from 10 a.m. to 11 a.m. with her third line of her melania timepieces & jewelry collection... don t miss my fabulous world of golf now in its second season on golf channel beginning tonight at 9 pm et. be sure to watch oprah today 4 pm on channel 7 i ll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour.. it was great to appear on piers morgan tonight last night as his first live guest. piers won the celebrity apprentice and he s fantastic. watch my speech at cpac in washington dc yesterday ... i was on cnn yesterday..... foxnewsinsider with comments on my speech at cpac in washington dc. check out shouldtrumprun.... from the desk of donald trump- two new videos up at and. the westminster dog show asked if i d be interested in meeting hickory a scottish deerhound who won best in show. she came to visit today! i was speaking with don imus this morning.... watch the latest from the desk of donald trump at and read this article. check out my interview from msnbc at. check out today s from the desk of donald trump at i m willing to answer your questions tweet me.... i answered your questions in today s video... watch at. coming up in march: the comedy central roast of donald trump. march 15 mark your calendars. also coming up: the celebrity apprentice returns. sunday night march 6 at 9 pm est. check out today s video blog i want to answer more of your questions tweet me..... i answered some of your questions in today s video... i was on the today show this morning and then visited regis & kelly. the celebrity apprentice starts this sunday nightdont miss it! i appeared on david letterman last night. and don t forget sunday night---the first episode of celebrity apprentice will be on nbc at 9 pm. watch you ve got donald trump at. mark it on your calendar: comedy central roast march 15th at 10:30 pm for the roast of trump. my thoughts on last night s celebrity apprentice also an observation i made recently. more of your questions answered in today s video at here is my appearance on neil cavuto. i will be developing the two tallest towers in the republic of georgia. don t forget to tune in to the celebrity apprentice this sunday night 9 pm on nbc. the fireworks continue.... my thoughts on last night s celebrity apprentice as well as my latest video blog at. tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video.... watch as i humiliate a dais full of talent. #trumproast airs tonight at 10:30 9:30c on comedy central. hey @snoopdogg @itsthesituation @sethmacfarlane: oh i m real scared. #trumproast airs tonight at 10:30 9:30 on @comedy central. hey @realjeffreyross @whitney cummings @lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians? #trumproast tonight 10:30 9:30c on @comedycentral. check out the trump fabulous world of golf site to meet the fazio family---master golf course designers.... keep talking about me: use #trumproast to tweet about how good i look on @comedycentral tonight at 10:30 9:30c. some of your most popular questions answered in today s video. @shouldtrumprun hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun.com have you? catch me on fox news right now my interview with neil cavuto. check out my interview on @gma. i ll be on with larry kudlow of the kudlow report tonight on cnbc at 7 p.m. we ll be discussing current affairs and politics. tune in. the comedy central roast of donald trump last week was the #1 highest rated comedy central roast ever...it brought in 3.5 milion viewers. don t forget the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc for another surprising and exciting episode. i spoke with fox and friends today watch here. here are my thoughts on last night s episode of the celebrity apprentice... i want to see people make lots of and live better lives. i really think they can do that through thetrumpnetwork. my thoughts on the geico ad and more in today s video blog.... this is about the money i gave to charity--and in response to your comments about gadhafi... check out my most recent interview with cnn... my appearance on the view... and. my latest celebrity apprentice video blog... watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on donald j. trump s fabulous world of golf 9pm et on golf channel.. watch me tonight on the o reilly factor at 8 pm and 11 pm est fox news. watch my latest video blog.... my thoughts on the o reilly factor and more here... catch the second part of my interview with bill o reilly tonight at 8pm on fox news.... be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc. it s an episode you ll want to see---and one you won t forget! @danmcisaac hopefully this answers your question... #trumpvlog. my appearances on @todayshow and @gma. new the next generation videos @donaldjtrumpjr- @ivankatrump- @erictrump-. be sure to watch the celebrity apprentice on sunday night 9 pm on nbc. @oreillyfactor is having a poll cast your vote for me at. watch my appearance on @foxandfriends... a sneak peek at sunday s episode of the celebrity apprentice... #trumpvlog. guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so weve made it available for purchase! ny jets center nick mangold interns for trump. watch trump s fabulous world of golf tonight 9pm et on golf channel. this has been a very difficult decision regarding the presidential run and i want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support. vote for the next miss usa... #vegasusa11 #missusa. check out today s #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of @apprenticenbc.... #celebrityapprenticefinale. get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the celebrity apprentice is on this sunday night --don t miss it! my appearance on @foxandfriends from today.... congratulations to john rich and to marlee matlin for a terrific job throughout the season. you are both great! @therealmissusa and the 2011 contestants stopped by trump tower yesterday watch the video... #missusa #vegasusa11. wishing everyone a happy memorial day and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country. my thoughts on last night s meeting with @sarahpalinusa in today s #trumpvlog... watch my appearances on good day ny... and @foxandfriends... tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog.... check out my speech from last friday as well as my appearance this morning on @foxandfriends. my thoughts on anthony weiner in today s #trumpvlog... your most popular tweet answered why i m holding off on a presidential bid... #trumpvlog. new on our youtube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of trump golf. watch me on the @hannityshow tonight at 9pm. more thoughts on anthony weiner in today s #trumpvlog. don t forget the miss usa pageant live on sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc. and you can vote for your favorite beauty! congratulations to alyssa campanella miss california---our new miss usa! congratulations to the miss usa pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among abc cbs nbc and fox. a great show and a huge success. i ve been visiting trump int l golf links scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world. spectacular! our new miss usa alyssa campanella came up to my office today for a visit. we re proud to have her as our new title holder. @golfmagazine is having an online competition - vote. i was in san jose ca on saturday for a sit-down interview for the acn national meeting which was attended by over 20000 people. huge! did my weekly phoner on fox & friends this morning...sounding off on issues of the day ... please read and watch a recent trip made to trump vineyard estates by @erictrump. wishing everyone a wonderful independence day holiday weekend a great celebration for a great country. tomorrow we ll be going to panama for the opening of our new hotel. it s a fantastic building in a fantastic location. perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in washington ... congress is back.time to cut cap and balance.there is no revenue problem.the debt limit cannot be raised until obama spending is contained. republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with @barackobama in today s debt talks--first and foremost cutcap and balance. the art of the deal-- the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. cut cap and balance. if only @obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening israel s borders then america would be on the path to solvency. @johnboehner message for house gop the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - the art of the deal. @obama - iranian weapons killing americans in iraq? what are u doing about this? obamacare tragedy primed to further explode the deficit and @obama transferred 500 billion from medicare to fund it! house gop wants to cut medicare obama took 500 billion from medicare for obamacare. both wrong! derek jeter s baseball and more in today s #trumpvlog... on our youtube channel- the opening of the incredible trump ocean club in panama.... @johnboehner mr. speaker bring the balanced budget amendment to the floor for a vote! let s get the ball rolling. @johnboehner much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation. the art of the deal. @macmiller donald trump the song gets 16m hits on youtube. who wouldn t be flattered? more thoughts on the debt ceiling in today s #trumpvlog... @johnboehner debt ceiling- sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal. my interview last night with greta on the gop going el foldo. while @barackobama tries to push gun control --he still has not answered for project gun runner. @barackobama you have abandoned israel and engaged the muslim brotherhood and even the arab world does not like it. us news named the top10 best hotels in the us--and trump int l hotel & tower nyc and trump int l hotel & tower chicago are on the list! take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels. cut cap and balance. taxed enough already! what is better advice- the art of the deal or rules for radicals ? i know which one @barackobama prefers. who will be the next @therealteenusa? find out this saturday at 8pm et on missteenusa.com #teenusa. @barackobama you have increased discretionary spending by 25 annually and amassed over 4 trillion in debt. t-e-a. @marcorubio is right. we need to create more taxpayers not more taxes. cut cap and balance. congratulations to my daughter ivanka and her husband jared on the birth of their daughter arabella rose yesterday. #trumpvlog the republicans must act now don t let @barackobama push you around.... @barackobama has sold guns to mexican drug lords while his doj erodes our 2nd amendment rights. every dollar @barackobama spends costs 1.40 with interest borrowed from china on our children and grandchildren s backs. cut-cap-balance! the gop doesn t waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity. defunding obamacare should be central to any deal. so china is ordering us to raise the debt limit...how low have we as a nation sunk? @johnboehner @ericcantor you can t con people...if you don t deliver the goods people will eventually catch on. - the art of the deal. while @barackobama seeks to further destroy our credit our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs. such a total failure---as a president. robust economic growth is the answer to the medicare problem--not cuts on the elderly. obama is addicted to spending america into insolvency. his record proves it. china is our enemy--they want to destroy us -- redstate interview. the gang of six - yet another unmitigated disaster. any deal needs to repeal obamacare. t-e-a. my interview on @gretawire last night - our leaders are leading us into oblivion. increasing americas debt weakens us domestically and internationally. - us senator @barackobama 2007. ronald kessler s new book the secrets of the fbi is a great book that should be read by everyone. unfortunately@barackobama s continued attack on the us will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things. we need a balanced budget amendment because congress has no fiscal discipline. the answer to both social security and medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly. the pressure on the debt ceiling is on @barackobama.... #trumpvlog. obama sadly has no business or private sector background---and it shows. fiscal mismanagement of cash costing us taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for seniors. my thoughts on the situation in norway and amanda knox... #trumpvlog. my interview from yesterday on fox and friends -- gop crazy if they don t get everything they want. america s debt is greater than our gdp. time for new thinking. china has so much of our debt that they can t put us in default w o killing themselves---us needs our toughest negotiator---and fast! higher taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste. watch my wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1 a.m. so proud of her! know when to walk away from the table. the art of the deal. people ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous! my interview yesterday from newsmax - obama is now totally lost boehner must not fold. @karlrove s @crossroadsgps new ad criticizes obama for his excessive spending and debt borrowing from china. didn t bush do the same thing? please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog. @johnboehner the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. --the art of the deal. my wife melania trump s show was a tremendous success last night. in case you missed her you can see her again tonight on @qvc at 7 pm et. @barackobama has not released his own debt plan yet. he s totally lost ineffective desperate. gop has its best chance to make a great deal. i appreciate the kind words of mike huckabee a fine american. i just got mike leach s new book swing your sword. he s a great coach and he s written a great book. it s definitely worth reading. never quit and always hit back -- the art of the comeback. blue ribbon commission to find and agree to future spending cuts? bad idea. if obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- watch the fine details in every deal -- the art of the deal. watched sean hannity last night -- a great guy. no taxes in boehner or reid plan----important victory for america. we need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem. ex-presidential pollster pat cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure. disappointed in gop and dems---giving obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake. this is the best deal the republicans could get? why should we have any defense cuts in any deal? america must remain strong. republicans and democrats have both created our economic problems. your questions about my desk answered in today s #trumpvlog... the more you learn about the debt deal the worse it gets. no taxes the only good thing about dc debt deal. why i would not have approved the deal... #trumpvlog. all those politicians in washington and not one good negotiator. wake up america -- china is eating our lunch. i believe america can be great only with proper leadership. republicans gave obama a free pass to the white house -- they just don t get it. morning joe panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better america without giving credit -- the story of my life! today s #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the republican candidates... watch my interview with greta van susteren on her show on the record tonight on fox news in the 10 p.m. hour. thanks to giovanni s coal fire pizza of florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 police athletic league youngsters in ny this friday. my interview last night with greta on fox news. america s debt officially became 100 of our gdp on @barackobama s 50th birthday---coincidence? china demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us. our leaders are hope cont. in today s #trumpvlog i answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy... obama care is already having a devastating impact on our economy. the new president of opec is mahmoud ahmadinejads confidant rostam ghasemi a commander of the revolutionar cont. the s&p downgrade is a direct result of @barackobama s increased reckless budget spending and obama care. he owns this. he s hired! listen to my #apprentice andy launchhis radio show @americanowradio with me tomorrow 6pm et. my interview with greta last night on fox news -- nation has become all talk no action. my interview yesterday on the s&p downgrade with wolf blitzer on cnn. the s&p are losers. they did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio cont. republicans and democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade. this is not a go cont. @barackobama took another swipe at the state of israel for building in their capital jerusalem on a jewish hol cont. congress should get back to washington but @barackobama doesn t want to interrupt his vacation in martha s vineyard. oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times. opec continues to rip us off. not worth 30. new leadership needed. the fed continues to flood the market with us dollars. wrong move. my interview from yesterday with #apprentice andy on @americanowradio. i was on cnbc this morning talking about the market and america s financial future. looking forward to the gop debate and the outcome of the ames straw poll. we must get a real leader. how will mitt romney defend his record on jobs and romneycare in tonight s debate? it s easy to see why americans are sick of career politicians and both parties. obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity. he believes in government. ron paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in iraq and afghanistan. mike huckebee a great guy said the president should appoint me treasury secretary. china and opec would not be happy. economic growth can save social security medicare and america. reporters say it s the trump bump---i tell cnbc i am buying stocks--- and the market goes up. @barackobama played golf yesterday. now he heads to a 10 day vacation in martha s vineyard. nice work ethic. my thoughts on the republican party in today s #trumpvlog... unemployment is plaguing both black and hispanic youths. very troubling. china is a threat to america. they are not our friend. i was interviewed by greta van susteren today here at trump tower. tune in tonight on fox news at 10 p.m. cont. a good example of how our country wastes money... #trumpvlog. china owes us money.... #trumpvlog. amazing--obama speaks market goes down---trump tells cnbc he s buying stock---market goes up --- should not be that way! my interview this morning on good morning america with george stephanopoulos. @barackobama has a record low 39 gallup approval rating. why so high? my interview with @gretawire on fox news for those who missed it - obama s constantly on vacation. ron paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in iraq and afghanistan. @macmiller will enjoy today s #trumpvlog... karl rove --lost gop both houses of congress and the white house--gave us obama. many people have been asking to see my plane the apprentice s @amandatmiller will give you a tour... insurgents in iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---us wastes trillions. you can listen to my interview today with jay sekulow live and the @jordansekulow show here @12pm est. @barackobamas new job plan will certainly do the following 1. not create any jobs. 2. borrow more money from china. @barackobama is sure a master delegator.he has sent @joe biden to china.the chinese are laughing at us. we must do better. israel is being barraged by rockets from gaza recently. they must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens. while @barackobama continues to defend obamacare in the courts he is also granting companies waivers. eve cont. we don t need another stimulus. the first one was a complete failure. why repeat the same mistake? @ronpaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration. wrong for media to ignore him. we spent over a billion on libya and lead the way---why is europe getting the oil? let s not start celebrating over libya until we see who takes over. as bad as qaddafi was---what comes next in libya will be worse---just watch. just as i predicted @joe biden was a complete disaster in china. he condoned the chinese one-child policy an cont. we have spent over 1 billion on the libya operation. what are we getting back? there usually is an easy solution to every problem. for instance a lot of our country s problems can be solved in next year s election. @barackobama inherited 10.6 trillion in national debt---will leave after his first term with the debt at over 17.6 trillion. china s corporate espionage is a continued threat to the american economy. with the right leadership it can be stopped. america needs a president who can negotiate better deals for the american people. i m very proud of the work my son @erictrump has been doing with the @erictrumpfdn take a look... why did @barackobama and his family travel separately to martha s vineyard? they love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers dime. there is no substitute for private sector experience. more and more americans seem fed up with both parties----i agree. hurricane irene and libya in today s #trumpvlog.... libyan rebels should have given us 50 of the oil in return for our military support---we don t even ask! iran admits to aiding the libyan rebels and ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will washington learn? @barackobama must release a budget before @johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution. crude is at 85 right now isnt even worth half that. opec is ripping us off. if the palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group hamas? if the un unilaterally grants the palestinians statehood then the us should cut off all its funding. actions have consequences. obamacare must be fully repealed or it will destroy america s small businesses. the new libyan government should turn over the lockerbie bomber---now. china s business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders. we need to reassess our relationship. my thoughts on dick cheney and his new book #trumpvlog. libya is being taken over by islamic radicals---with @barackobama s open support. with gas prices rising and the economy failing @barackobama seeks to have his epa raise energy prices by 109b. i ll be on greta van susteren s show tonight at 10 pm on foxnews. tune in. we must stand firm against the un s ploy to sabotage israel---if the un grants the pa statehood then we must immediately defund it. my interview with @gretawire last night -- everything obama does is a campaign speech. @barackobama is so inept that i think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the joint session on september 7th. just sad. make no mistake---fast and furious goes all the way to the white house. the white house is predicting 9 unemployment throughout 2012 and when obama care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher. fast and furious put semi-automatics in the hands of mexican drug lords that killed americans - @barackobama should answer all questions. oil is double the price now compared to last year--opec is laughing at @barackobama. fast and furious gun running goes all the way to the white house. we need answers now! @barackobama wishes speeches could create jobs. his job is costing america all of ours. the un is about to use its assembly to attack @israel. we should defund the un entirely if they can t act resp cont. @barackobama trillion stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment. usa should take oil from iraq in repayment for their liberation. us should have told libya rebels --- give us 50 of your oil for our military support. a robust growing economy is how to fix social security and medicare---not cuts on seniors. why was @barackobama selling guns to mexican drug dealers? america needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer. my interview with @gretawire last night on @foxnews: @barackobama missed his opportunity. my interview yesterday with @ingrahamangle. if only speeches could create jobs then @barackobama wouldn t have such a dismal economic record. china is happy to learn that @barackobama plans to borrow another 300 billion. @barackobama is their favorite client. why is the un planning to attack @israel s sovereignty and ignore iran s nuclear program? the us should look at future funding. @ivankatrump always makes me proud. i watched potus speech from europe---same old tax and spend won t create jobs. @barackobama---the stimulus will fail just like the first. want jobs? slash corporate tax rate. tax incentives for companies that create jobs in us. america will boom. very exciting. i will be at macys herald square this wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of trump home crystal! irans nuclear program must be stopped by any and all means necessary. the world economic forum now ranks the us the fifth most competitive economy in the world. we have fallen from first under @barackobama. watch the 2011 #missuniverse pageant tonight at 9pm on nbc... my thoughts on @andyroddick in today s #trumpvlog.... the american economy would grow if washington didnt keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations. government is not the solution. friends in ny-9 let @barackobama know that you don t approve of his mistreatment of @israel. vote for @bobturner9th tomorrow! i m urging my friends in brooklyn to vote for bob turner tomorrow--send @barackobama a message. how can the economy ever recover when @barackobama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes. this is no way to spur growth. the eric trump foundation golf invitational benefiting st. jude children s research hospital is today--and i cont. the white house is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the fast and furious investigation. american lives were lost. we need answers. i m very proud of my new crystal collection. here s a sneak peak of my favorite collection elmsford cont. we should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t cont. @barackobama will hear loud and clear today the message ny-9 is sending by electing @bobturner9th -- @israel is our friend and ally. i m looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at macy s herald square. 5:30 pm at the crystal department on 8. bob turner--great guy great businessman will be a great congressman. was happy to help him win. my interview yesterday with @teamcavuto where i discuss dick cheney and china. @barackobama s job bill contains the word tax over 330 times--that will sure work! third gun linked to fast and furious identified at border agent s murder scene. when will the white house come clean? had dinner with @rickperry last night---great guy straight shooter impressive record. my @foxnews interview last night on @gretawire -- on 2012: i ll wait and see. the solyndra scandal--@barackobama s 500million photo op. he loves wasting our money. can you imagine if @barackobama had passed cap and trade?! energy costs would be double from already record highs. we can create jobs in the american economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector. i applaud @netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the un to defend @israel. a true us friend and great leader. @barackobama -- honored and excited to be listed on @attackwatch. thanks. btw -- where are the jobs? donald. @barackobama---great job on solyndra. you are some extremely skilled venture capitalist. stick to the memoirs and speeches. it doesn t cost any money to think bigger. -- the art of the deal. my thoughts on the emmys in today s #trumpvlog.... if china had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent. instead we continue to buy oil from opec. watch my latest appearance on squawk box .... i am increasingly concerned with the un s ploy against @israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from australia. how will raising taxes create jobs? washington is all out of answers. new leadership is needed. it seems there is never a problem for which @barackobama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax. i find it really hard to listen to @barackobama s speeches. he doesn t have a clue. @barackobama s method of spending the stimulus -- obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided solyndra. sorry i will miss the cpac gathering in orlando--there in spirit--obama must go. if you re going to think--think big --- the art of the deal. obamacare will destroy small business--the backbone of america s economy. rick perry is right when he says we must stand by israel in the un. just finished speaking in sydney australia in front of 20000 people and today i m off to melbourne for anot cont. our next president must stop china s rip-off of america. china is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country. australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love america. @barackobama s jobs plan sure looks like a tax increase plan to me. @erictrump is doing a great job on completing our new trump winery in virginia. government waste fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed. this will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term. now is no time to cut military spending. we must remain strong. our enemies are looking for weakness. i m i cont. i couldn t make the faith and freedom confab in orlando so i sent a video... our deficit spending is chinas gain. @barackobama is bankrupting our country. opec is ripping us off on oil. we are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy. #solyndra. obama cares taxes vest in 2014. conveniently after the 2012 election. coincidence? our country s debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases. we must cut government spending. obamacare is a major threat to america s entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness. small businesses will b cont. my @foxnews interview from yesterday with @teamcavuto discussing the economy my trip to australia @mittromne cont. my @foxnews interview from last night with @gretawire discussing yesterday s meeting with @mittromney. my @cnn interview with @wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with @mittromney. a great interview of @donaldjtrumpjr in the @ globeandmail on trump tower toronto. it seems @barackobama had our tax dollars buy guns for mexican drug lords that were used to kill americans. we need answers now. our economy is struggling and opec continues to rip us off. output is low and the price is too high. they ar cont. happy new year to all my jewish friends. my interview from yesterday with @seanhannity. obamacare must be completely repealed. a recent report from ubs shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring. great interview in @postedtoronto of @donaldjtrumpjr: he makes me proud. china is stealing our jobs. we need to demand china stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage. sleepy chuck todd of nbc falls far short of the late great tim russert. when will @barackobama present an actual budget? enough with the games. the @erictrumpfdn golf invitational featuring a performance by @bretmichaels was a great event. enjoy the video.... @jonhuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination. whoever said i wanted to meet him? time is money and i don t waste mine. really bad ratings for lawrence o donnell on msnbc---o reilly is killing him! my @foxnews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in trump tower and also @govchristie. china does not negotiate from a position of strength we simply negotiate against ourselves. we have all the advantages but don t execute. the fed s reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation. the iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts. they laugh at us. we can t allow them to develop nuclear weapons. the only way for medicare and social security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy. @barackobama doesn t get it. a simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs. unfortunately washington is incapable of simplifying anything. i m thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at macy s. in business it cont. my interview yesterday with @myfoxny. @vpbiden is actually right for once: biden: voters should blame obama not bush for economy. @jonhuntsman called to set up a meeting. haven t returned his call. everyone should boycott italy if amanda knox is not freed---she is totally innocent. how many more billions of dollars will @barackobama continue to waste in these solar companies? @barackobama said yesterday that we have gone soft. how can the world respect us when our own president doesn t? the unemployment numbers are tragic. we are letting the world take our jobs. it has to stop! sadly vanity fair is a rapidly dying magazine. needs new blood--and fast! going the way of spy magazine. @amandaknox is innocent. italian government should pay for this travesty. @usgovernment has done nothing to help @amandaknox. @thecelebrityapprentice cast is set---the best we ve ever had. shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs in february. my book midas touch with robert kiyosaki rich dad poor dad will be in bookstores tomorrow--it s a grea cont. looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in atlantic canada--my first time ever. it s about time italy recognized the innocence of @amandaknox---great news! watch my interview with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. on fox news. i was on cnn last night with @erinburnett. great article in @torontodotcom - @donaldjtrumpjr: the original apprentice. looking forward to visiting the trump vineyard estates today in charlottesville va for a press conference and the grand opening. great meeting with @thehermancain yesterday in trump tower. great guy! @barackobama released documents late last friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin cont. the democrats in the super committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks. huge mistake. cut wasteful spending first. our national debt has grown by 30 and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under @barackobama. he is a disaster. @barackobama now says that he is an underdog in 2012. america should be so lucky. we still need a solid candidate. @barackobama sold guns to the mexican drug cartels. they were used in the murders of americans . where is the outrage? china is threatening washington over the currency bill. we should pass it immediately. washington is wasting over 2 billion this year on solyndra type loans. yet they want to cut military spending. in order to save medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal obamacare. why is the un condemning @israel and doing nothing about syria? what a disgrace. @barackobama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure. does he really believe we are that stupid? a-rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs. a-rod misrepresented to th cont. the gop primary schedule is a disaster. not enough time. when will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding afghanistan? we must rebuild our country first. the only job @barackobama cares about is his own. everything he does is for his own reelection. i have traveled the world. america is the most beautiful country on earth. a guy named @bobbeckel on fox their resident liberal was not born with much of a brain. new study shows 80 of congress have no business experience--it shows! the fed s reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation. the only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices. if the prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals. i don t want to be the only billionaire in america---i want all americans to be rich. when will @barackobama release an actual budget? the debate was very interesting last night. there were numerous winners and governor romney did very well. mitt romney is right about the chinese rip-off of america. tune in tonight to greta van susteren s show on the record which airs on fox news at 9 p.m. tweet me your questions to answer. #trumpvlog. my @foxnews interview on @gretawire discussing the china curse. stop the china curse -- pass the chinese currency bill! if the wall street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting @barackobama at the white house. check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions... more questions answered... #trumpvlog. be sure to watch my wonderful wife melania trump tonight on @qvc at 1am est. china s military buildup is a major threat to the free world. we must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs. my new book midas touch in stores now.... #trumpvlog. why is @barackobama always campaigning or on vacation? happy to have passed 800000 followers. looking forward to passing 1m sooner than later. @johnboehner: stop the china curse --- pass the china currency bill! late last friday @barackobama announced his 2011 budget deficit was 1.299 trillion -- the second largest in us history. it is time for iran to face serious consequences. this regime is a threat to our national security. @barackobama is holding taiwan s request for 66 advanced f-16 s. wrong message to send to china. iran was planning to attack the israeli and saudi dc embassies. we should respond accordingly. the diplomatic window is closed. watch @seanhannity tonight on his show hannity fox news at 9 pm. i ll be on and we ll cover the wall stree cont. now china is publicly supporting the ows protests it s time for the protesters to go home. if obamacare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth long term unemployment and record high premiums. iraq s government is treating us like fools. we should demand their oil. everyone makes mistakes but it s what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters. -- midas touch. our country is blowing up and @barackobama is out campaigning. my @foxnews interview last night on @hannityshow discussing ows and @barackobama s incompetent leadership. my thoughts on @barackobama s campaign.... both @barackobama and china have embraced ows. all want the decline of america. time for the protesters to go home. my beautiful wife melania will be appearing on qvc this evening from 8 to 9 pm. we must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits. america needs to rebuild our infrastructure. why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads bridge cont. sometimes understanding other people s problems is the key to finding opportunities. -- midas touch w @atherealkiyosaki. bob beckel a commentator for fox is bad for the @foxnews brand: @bobbeckel is close to incompetent. @barackobama claims that all his choices were the right ones. i am sure the 20 of americans who are unemployed disagree. the ows protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99 . time for them to go home! my thoughts on gadhafi s death @barackobama and the misery index... #trumpvlog. why is crude oil priced at 86 barrel? opec is ripping us off. not worth 30 barrel. america needs new leaders. why did we spend billions of our money on libya if we are not going to get any of the country s oil? what do we get out of this? a simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector. why did @barackobama liberate libya and do nothing for the iranian protestors? iran is a threat to our national security. the misery index is at a 28 year high. why do we continue to sit idly by while china steals our national security and corporate secrets? china is an enemy not a friend. the dollar is at an all-time wwii low against the yen. the fed s recklessness is going to lead to record inflation. we are leaving iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure. we should be reimbursed with oil! -- don t give it to iran. see what i have to say about iran and iraq in today s #trumpvlog... the job plan by @barackobama is nothing more than a second stimulus. the first failed and so will this one. so much for creating american jobs--@barackobama gave 529 million to a green car company---so they can be manufactured in finland. libya is adopting a more radical form of sharia law now under their new leadership. is this what @barackobama wanted? printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country s economic woes. the fed is destroyin cont. i only go on shows that get ratings that s why i do @oreillyfactor @hannityshow and @gretawire. your sho cont. does @barackobama ever work? he is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer s dime and time---not fair! please only respond by tweet @lawrence because like everyone else i don t watch your show. why does the federal government send foreign aid to china? unbelievable! washington is financing america s de cont. stop calling my office to do your show i have more important things to do with my time--- nobody s watching you! @lawrence. the 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime. we must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back @barackobama s damage. i heard because his show is unwatchable that @lawrence has made many false statements last night about me. maybe i should sue him? read this about @lawrence.... in response to @lawrence my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt great as cont. my @foxnews interview last night with @gretawire. i am happy to see the majority of the gop candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped. when will washington stand up to china. china is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs. washington should move on legislation. why aren t we getting any oil from iraq before we leave? we are leaving the country wide open for iran. big mistake. watch me tonight at 9pm et on @cnn full hour. @piersmorgan won @apprenticenbc before taking over larry king s slot- should be interesting. the debt is our nation s greatest threat. @barackobama is out of touch. when will our nation s sacrifices be respectfully appreciated? iraq and libya should reimburse us in oil. our worst threat to unemployment is @obamacare. it will also destroy our country s basic standards. the us air force won the war in libya to clear the way for islamic extremist control of libya. my interview yesterday with @teamcavuto discussing europe s debt deal and the gop primary. my interview from last night with @piersmorgan discussing ows. obamacare contains marriage penalty taxes. why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare? our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: @barackobama is proposing over 90 billion in new regulations. bernie madoff and tony la russa in today s #trumpvlog... is jon stewart a racist? see video--- @thedailyshow. the al qaeda flag is now flying over benghazi. @barackobama spent over 3billion of our money for this? it snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in new york city. it is still october. so much for global warming. the chinese military is already hacking our satellites the chinese government is not an american ally. the republicans never should have agreed to this past summer s debt deal. military cuts will now come along with tax increases. is jon stewart a racist? see video that includes clip... #thedailyshow. another company that the doe has given money to just filed for bankruptcy. this is how the money we borrow at 40 from china is wasted. the @supercommittee must cut spending not raise taxes. washington has a spending problem not a revenue problem. why is @barackobama letting the taliban know when our troops are leaving? this is dangerous for our soldiers. egypt s muslim brotherhood just made its first visit to hamas-led gaza. why did @barackobama promote the arab spring ? the economy won t fully recover until @obamacare is fully repealed. it is a job killer! the greatest threat to our security is our debt. it is already past 100 gdp. we need to make real budget cuts. the oil companies collude with opec to keep oil artificially overvalued. they need to be reigned in. watch my interview with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight on fox news at 10 p.m. my interview on @gretawire discussing the economy and @thehermancain witch hunt. malfeasance at fannie mae and freddie mac helped cause our current financial meltdown. iran s quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation s national security interests. we can t allow iran to go nuclear. see what i have to say about the occupy wall street protestors in today s #trumpvlog.... china scorns us cyber espionage charges--china does not respect us and feels obama is a dummy. reporter @alhunt is one boring and low vision guy! a record high 6.7 of americans are living in extreme poverty. this is tragic. we can do better. #timetogettough the white house correspondents dinner in my new book time to get tough .....watch the #trumpvlog---. the federal government spent over 3.7 trillion last year. this is unsustainable and a true danger. the american dream is being destroyed. our deficits are caused by runaway spending not inadequate taxing. washington does not have a revenue problem. some @ows protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party. america should not be pressuring @israel to show restraint against iran. we should be working to stop iran s nuclear drive. instead of trash talking @pmisrael on the world stage @barackobama should be defending @israel. the @supercommittee will fail. the republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal. he is out of real solutions--@barackobama s job bill is nothing more than a tax increase. china is advocating on behalf of iran s nuclear program -- the chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar cont. the fannie and freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars. they were bailed out with 169b of our money. mitt romney did great in the debate last night. rick perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening. @rickperry. herman cain handled the pressure of the debate really well. @thehermancain. the fed should not bail out the eu. europe s financial mess is their problem not our problem! solyndra s government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that @barackobama is both corrupt and inept. the debate @barackobama s mic and my endorsement in today s #trumpvlog---. the death tax should be abolished -- the government is simply taxing you twice. it is also a job killer. my thoughts on joe paterno and political analysts in today s #trumpvlog... my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing @thehermancain @barackobama s mistreatment of israel and gop 2012. the arab spring has turned into the islamist winter. our ally @israel is in a perilous position. we must stand behind @israel. to the brave men and women past and present in our armed services- best wishes on veterans day. 2012 is the most important election of my lifetime. @barackobama must be defeated. october has a 7 foreclosure increase last month. is this @barackobamas economic recovery? @barackobama made a campaign decision on delaying the keystone pipeline to 2013.the pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs. watch what s america worth? hosted and narrated by me this sunday at 9pm on @discovery. @barackobama will attack iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election. if the cont. @barackobama the habitual vacationer called america lazy this past weekend while in hawaii. americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low.is this @barackobamas recovery? @barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline decision until 2013.now canada is looking to export more oil to china. fewer americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums. obamacare must be fully repealed. @barackobama has already added 5 trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years. we must defeat him in 2012. #timetogettough. my interview yesterday with @foxandfriends discussing the failure of the super committee and gop 2012.... the supercommittee is a disaster. the republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal. they hat cont. @barackobama has increased the epa budget by over 150 . the epa is an impediment to both growth and jobs. it sends jobs overseas. reporter should resign----. waterboarding ksm gave us the intelligence that lead to bin laden. when mistakes are made and they will be the entrepreneurs true character emerges and further growth takes place. the midas touch. my new book time to get tough comes out on december 5th. pre-order on amazon.com. it s the best book i ve ever written. in the span of two months @barackobama the habitual vacationer has called america soft and lazy. he loves to criticize america. crude is at 100 barrel. with the current state of the world economy how is that possible? opec is ripping of cont. the federal government has increased its employment by 12 since 2007. we need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed. crude has skyrocketed since @barackobama delayed the keystone pipeline. not only are 20000 jobs gone but family budgets are tightening. the federal deficit crossed 15trillion 100 of our gdp. yet the super committee can t find 1.2trillion i cont. @israel faces an existential threat in iran s nuclear drive. unfortunately @barackobama is no friend of israel. the stimulus is a net negative effect on the growth of gdp over 10 years --as admitted by @barackobama s own cbo. china is complaining about 2500 marines being placed in australia. meanwhile they are building bases across latin america. #timetogettough. regardless of the usc s ruling obamacare can only be defeated politically. it must be legislatively repealed or america will go bankrupt. made in america? @barackobama called his birthplace hawaii here in asia. washington is simply incapable of any moderation because @barackobama is such an extreme leftist. he must be defeated. #timetogettough. why is @barackobama delaying the sale of f-16 aircraft to taiwan? wrong message to send to china. #timetogettough. obamacare is one of the greatest threats our country faces. it is unsustainable and will lead america into complete insolvency. the super committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it. the republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal. china s economy is now projected to overtake the us as the world s largest economy by 2027 #timetogettough. if @barackobama wanted the super committee to succeed he would have lead. instead he has been campaigning. where is the leadership? when the super committee fails @barackobama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending. this is his plan. the house s failure to pass the balance budget amendment was another unforced error by the gop. very disappointing. egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical islam. the current protest is another coup attempt. we should never have abandoned mubarak. my @foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how @barackobama failed to show any leadership on th cont. my new book #timetogettough -- out dec 5th -- outlines how to make america rich again. order now through amazon. yesterday @barackobama actually spent a full day in washington. he didn t campaign fund raise or play golf. shocking. as of september 30th we have a record trade deficit with china of over 217billion. they are ripping us off. #timetogettough. the habitual vacationer--@barackobama--spent 9 days before the critical super committee deadline traveling. he failed to lead again. why are we giving china foreign aid? couldn t the super committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay? #timetogettough. i dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them. time is money ---the art of the deal. congratulations to @trumpchicago @trumpsoho and @trumplasvegas --all listed #1 on @travelandleisure world s best business hotels. in my new book #timetogettough i make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth. american sanctions alone cannot stop iran s nuclear drive--and @barackobama cannot get china and russia to agree on new iranian sanctions. obamacare does indeed ration care. seniors are now restricted to comfort care instead of brain surgery. repeal now! the failure of the super committee shows washington has truly incompetent leaders. #timetogettough. once iran has nuclear weapons they will shut down the strait of hormuz. oil will be over 300 barrel. iran cont. iran will soon take all of the oil in iraq...and iraq itself---keep the oil. washington will continue to run record deficits into the election. we are borrowing at a rate of 1.40 from china. truly unsustainable. why does @barackobama support the radical islamists in egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the tea party? third quarter gdp was lowered to 2 . there won t be any economic recovery until @barackobama is defeated. i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough: making america #1 again in trump tower on frida cont. my new book time to get tough will be out dec 5th. solutions you won t hear from the politicians. the bes cont. real unemployment is at over 21 . businesses won t hire until @barackobama is defeated in 2012. #timetogettough. the cbo has confirmed that @barackobama s stimulus crowds out private investment while not creating any jobs. iran s continued public threats of annihilating @israel are unacceptable. iran s nuclear drive must be stopped. #timetogettough. in order to get elected @barackobama will start a war with iran. my @foxandfriends interview from yesterday. the banks were bailed out by us. they should start lending to private entrepreneurs. the banks are slowing american growth. america s trade deficit with china is one of our greatest national security threats. time for fair trade. we must produce our own products. #trumpvlog @barackobama is very inconsiderate... it s inconvenient and inconsiderate: @barackobama is doing a fundraiser tonight making it almost impossibl cont. the habitual vacationer: @barackobama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history cont. unbelievable how he gets away with it: @barackobama is flying around on air force one laughing at everybod cont. newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming. the data is unreliable. china is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us what to do---much like a strong stockh cont. the unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth. we must start making our own products again. #timetogettough. fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to negative. why? @barackobama s failure to lead with the super committee. when it comes to china @barackobama practices pretty please diplomacy. he begs and pleads and bows--and it cont. a special message to the staff of @trumpwaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary.... he ruins the brand: @bobbeckel doesn t belong on @foxnews. as cm for mondale in 84 you lost 49 states. sad! the fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars. this will eventually create record inflation. it has to stop. #timetogettough. the worst employee in today s #trumpvlog... why doesn t opec lower the price of crude to help avert the european crisis? crude keeps rising during the dow cont. meeting former speaker newt gingrich next week. on the agenda---defeating @barackobama. if the art of the deal is a must read then #timetogettough is my opus. it is available dec 5th! he ruins the brand: @robertgbeckel doesn t belong on @foxnews . as cm for mondale in 84 you lost 49 states. sad! the new job figures don t include 315000 people who have given up looking for jobs. don t forget next friday december 9th: i ll be signing my new book @howtogettough in trump tower from 11 a.m cont. here s my message to @barackobama: america is a capitalistic country. get over it and get on with it! #timetogettough. my new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans. time for america to be #1 again. #timetogettough. we are building china s wealth by buying all their products even though we make better products in america. when it comes to china @barackobama practices pretty please diplomacy. he begs and pleads and bows---and it cont. #timetogettough: making america #1 again--my new book--available today. the book both china and opec do not want you to read. met @newtgingrich at trump tower today. he s a big thinker. first there was the declaration of independence then there was the constitution. now there is #timetogettough. available today. i m sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren t we talking about onshoring ? we need to bring manufa cont. rt @newsmax media: trumps warns of obama tipping point that may destroy america via @newsmax media. all this from a guy who lectured americans about tightening their belts: @barackobama bashes rich people an cont. did you know that one of seven americans is now on food stamps? think of it. in the united states the most pr cont. illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at us taxpayers. washington needs to get tough and fight for w cont. forty -six million americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line. #timetogettough. call me old school but i believe in the old warrior s credo that to the victor go the spoils. in other word cont. president reagan put it best: welfare s purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence. canada s legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: how will any immigrant applying fo cont. get it straight: pakistan is not our friend. when our tremendous navy seals took out osama bin laden they did cont. whether we like it or not oil is the axis on which the world s economies spin. it just is. when the price o cont. why is the gop establishment so threatened by the newsmax - @iontv debate? more debate is always better. the architect @karlrove is directly responsible for losing both houses & @barackobama becoming president. ignore him. my @foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with @newtgingrich the newsmax-@iontv debate and #timetogettough. i will be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow dec 9th in trump tower from 11 a.m. to cont. my @morningjoe interview with @joenbc & @morningmika discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate and #timetogettough. my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate #timetogettough and the 2012 race. excited to have @sarahpalinusa s endorsement of the newsmax-@iontv debate. sarah is terrific. my @cnn interview with @pierstonight discussing the newsmax-@iontv debate #timetogettough the gop and the economy. what is a bit appealing about this idea of trump hosting a debate is consider the diverse audience that perh cont. a clip of my upcoming interview with @davidbrody discussing #timetogettough @israel and the islamist winter. happy to have @ralphreed and the ffc s endorsement of the newsmax-@iontv debate. ffc is a great organization. jeffrey lord former reagan adviser has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate with a great article. you know what is the worst part of @barackobama s tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars. why does @barackobama continue to defend radical islam? he is calling the ft. hood massacre workplace violence. newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in ia on dec 27 will be fair balanced and informative. @ralphreed. newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in ia on 12-27 will be fair balanced and informative. @ralphreed. i ll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough tomorrow in trump tower--11 am to 2 pm. hope to see you there. i ll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough today at trump tower--11 am to 2 pm. hope to see you there. #timetogettough. be sure to stop by trump tower today -- i ll be signing copies of my new book time to get tough from 11 am to 2 pm. trump tower is located at 725 fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets... looks like the line has started be sure to join me for book signing @timetogettough starting at 11am to 2 pm here in trump tower. #timetogettough presents bold solutions on taxes national security the debt dealing with opec and china and defeating @barackobama. if the gop establishment really wants to defeat @barackobama then they should read #timetogettough. my interview on @wor710 with jon gambling discussing #timetogettough meeting @newtgingrich and the 2012 election. yesterday i explained to @wolfblitzercnn on @cnnsitroom why @barackobama doesn t deserve credit for killing bin laden. #timetogettough the crowd at the book signing at trump tower in nyc right now... excited that @ourcountrypac s @amy kremer has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate. the tea party express is a great group. a great crowd at trump tower for #timetogettough book signing! iowa congressman @stevekingia has endorsed the newsmax-@iontv debate. he has been doing great work in the house. rick santorum making a strong point on the newsmax-@iontv debate: @ricksantorum. santorum calls trump debate skippers hypocrites @ricksantorum. why was the hanukah celebration held in the white house two weeks early? @barackobama wants to vacation in hawaii in late december. sad. excited that @ourcountrypac s amy kremer has endorsed the newsmax-iontv debate. the tea party express is a great group. my @foxnews interview with @megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the newsmax-@iontv debate. my foxbusiness interview with don imus discussing #timetogettough the gop primary and the newsmax-@iontv debate. if these guys have any integrity they d say no to msnbc -- a network that few watch and is very negative. @andrewbreitbart re debate. i was on a tele-townhall with @teambachmann and hosted her 4 times in trump tower yet she declined the newsmax-@iontv debate. no loyalty. why did @barackobama let iran keep our drone? now it is going straight to the chinese. he should have taken it out. @barackobama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. he is simply out of control. a clip from my @foxandfriends interview discussing how newsmax-@iontv debate is determining the gop primary polls. my interview on @theviewtv discussing #timetogettough the gop primary and the newsmax-@iontv debate starts at 23:00. @amazon sold out of #timetogettough in the first week. more copies have been ordered for holidays. don t worry. tonight i will be signing copies of #timetogettough in westbury at costco 1250 old country rd from 6 pm to 8 pm. we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals. #timetogettough. look here s the deal: @barackobama has been a total disaster. he has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #timetogettough. the mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president@barackobama has asked for iran to return the drone #timetogettough. don t forget my book signing tonight at costco on 1250 old country road in westbury ny from 6-8 pm. hope to see you there. #trumpvlog why i cancelled the great debate ..... who handed iraq over to iran yesterday? @barackobama. we have gotten nothing from the iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil. #trumpvlog ny area- two book signings- tonight and thursday.... real unemployment is 20 . we must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas. i ll be signing copies of my new book @timetogettough tomorrow at trump tower 5th avenue between 56 and 57 from noon to 2pm. he says he will spend 1 b to get re-elected: @barackobama. i can match him--preserving my options. #trumpvlog same last name same bad ratings- @lawrence and @rosie..... thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the americans elect presidential nomination. check out my new book time to get tough: making america #1 again. my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing why i will not be moderating the newsmax-@iontv debate. i feel sorry for rosie s new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with @rosie--a true loser. #badratings @lawrence s show failed at 8pm and is failing even worse at 10pm- not long for tv..... #badratings @rosie you will never make it. you are not funny or talented. save your time @rosie and focus on your horrible ratings and don t mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire explaining that i am keeping all my options available for 2012. my interview with @ewerickson of @redstate discussing #timetogettough gop primary and my 2012 options. read this about @lawrence...... so if iran is going to take over the oil i say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with iraq. #timetogettough. it has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #timetogettough book signings. anyone who wants to be prez should read! we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. #timetogettough. the mullahs laughed when @barackobama asked iran to return our drone--they will show it to china first. iran is closing the strait of hormuz for a military exercise. imagine what they will do with nukes?! the habitual vacationer @barackobama has sacrificed so much. he is delaying his 17 day hawaii vacation a couple of hours. hope to see you tomorrow in trump tower 5th ave betw 56 and 57 -- i ll be signing copies of my book #timetogettough from noon until 2 pm. the first book signing at trump tower for #timetogettough was so popular that i m doing another one today from noon to 2pm trump tower. it is great to meet fellow patriots at the #timetogettough book signings. can t wait to meet more today at trump tower from 12pm to 2pm. let me put this as plainly as i know how: iran s nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary. period. #timetogettough. #noratings @lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio. with the number of tweets sad sack @rosie has done she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown. more people attend a @jonhuntsman rally than watch @lawrence on @msnbctv all week. @lawrence is very lonely. cont. please send a psychiatrist to help @rosie shes in a bad state. to @rosies girlfriends parents--- get cont. #trumpvlog china is laughing.... if speeches and memoirs created jobs then @barackobama would be ronald reagan. this is what @barackobama thinks: that america would be better off if we acted more like european socialist cont. so biased: @time made the protester as the person of the year. @time celebrates ows but vilified the tea party last year. thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #timetogettough book signings. it is great to meet fellow patriots. i believe this book will rock a lot of people. don t just read #timetogettough but share it with your friends and family! -rushlimbaugh. your civil liberties mean nothing if you re dead. that s why the single most important function of the federal cont. but maybe my biggest beef with obama is his view that there s nothing special or exceptional about america. #timetogettough. my interview with @barbarajwalters in her @abc special most fascinating people of 2011. great @esquiremag piece - @donaldjtrumpjr: what i ve learned. a total lightweight: @jonhuntsman continues to give the worst responses on china in the debates. i can see why cont. the lightweight @jonhuntsman used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn t work. sad! china just put a tariff on us cars and trucks--22 --china is laughing at our inept leaders. @barackobama. opec is setting crude at 94 barrel on signs us economy is improving. opec uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch. i ll be on @americanowradio with andy dean at 6:30 et today talking about last night s @foxnews debate. my interview with andy dean on @americanowradio- i told him what i really thought about the @foxnews debate. with a record deficit and 15 trillion in debt @barackobama is spending 4 million of our money on his hawaii vacation. just plain wrong. barney frank admited that obamacare does have death panels yesterday. obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed. congratulations to my son eric for making the forbes 30 under 30 list. he s done a great job! iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---i told you so. dummies left iraq without the oil--not believable! china taxing imports from the us --22 -- why aren t we taxing china? we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. #timetogettough. it s a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. #timetogettough. we re all proud of @erictrump for being on @forbes 30 under 30 list. a great gift idea is my new book #timetogettough easy to order on amazon. when are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies? #timetogettough. people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don t. #timetogettough. he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--@barackobama doesn t respect the fact that the cont. he thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov t. @barackobama doesn t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. what a shock! the u.s. capitol christmas tree pays homage @barackobama but failed to mention jesus. joe biden said that the taliban is not our enemy. i wonder how our troops in afghanistant that are under attack view biden s statement. tom marbles in his mouth brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the apprentice for nbc. now he calls cont. the average family has spent 4155 this year filling up the car on 3.50 gallon average. both record highs. cont. for last minute shopping my new book #timetogettough is a great choice... my interview with @asavagenation discussing #timetogettough my 2012 plans and iraq. i still can t believe we didn t t take the oil from iraq. i really enjoyed last night s tele-town hall with @ralphreed s faith and freedom coalition. thanks to the thousands who joined. the sad truth is some republicans in congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation. #timetogettough. obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess as it inevitably will. #timetogettough. the wh yesterday defended biden s comments that the taliban aren t our enemy. when did the american people decide this? he is delusional: @barackobama believes that he is the 4th best potus ever. congratulations to @americanselect for winning a spot on the california 2012 ballot. a major feat! barney frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before congress. very very disrespectful. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing how @barackobama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win. less than a week after we leave iraq the country is already unraveling.we got nothing from the iraqis and now cont. my new book #timetogettough is the best present of the holiday season. a great gift for anyone who cares about this country. we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. hes also cont. the thing about high corporate tax rates is that in the end companies arent the ones who foot the bill consumers do. #timetogettough. consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car you pay 45.8 cents in state local and federal taxes. #timetogettough. even if @barackobama stays in dc taxpayers will pay millions for his hawaii vacation when americans are struggling. a week after biden says that the taliban is not our enemy the taliban demand that we pay iraq for a 9 year occupation. the safest way to preserve medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy. we should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately. the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the middle east. @barackobama says no! in order to preserve my options and guarantee that @barackobama is defeated i changed my voter registration to independent. the habitual vacationer @barackobama is now in hawaii. this vacation is costing taxpayers 4 milion while there is 20 unemployment. govt. collapsing in iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops. sadly i called this one and please remember i alone called it. the keystone pipeline will create 20000 jobs and lower gas prices. but obama says no. dumb. china hacked the u.s. chamber of commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members. china keeps cont. china is expanding its military bases abroad. we must expand our naval fleet. now is no time for defense cuts. cont. @trumpcollection tops @travlandleisure 500 best hotels in the world! congrats @trumpnewyork @trumplasvegas @trumpchicago @trumpsoho. vote for your favorite trump hotel collection hotels in travel leisures 2012 worlds best awards survey. what a convenient mistake: @barackobama issued a statement for kwanza but failed to issue one for christmas. the fed s reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come. the fed has to be reined in or we will soon be greece. china has 5 oil projects in iraq and we didn t get anything from the iraqis except asked to leave. iraq is going cont. it s important that we help poor people to become independent self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work. #timetogettough. he is destroying our country:@barackobama has requested to raise our debt limit to over 16.4trillion by the end cont. americans elect on track to put an indy presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states. i predicted the 9 11 attack on america in my book the america we deserve and the collapse of iraq in @timetogettough. the mar-a-lago club has the best meatloaf in america. tasty. i m right tpm is wrong - @barackobama did not issue a special statement for christmas--however he issued one cont. america wasted billions and precious lives in iraq and iran will soon take control--very very sad. i like russell brand but katy perry made a big mistake when she married him. let s see if i m right---i hope not. nyc should hold a parade for returning iraq and afghanistan veterans. i play golf to relax. my company is in great shape. @barackobama plays golf to escape work while america goes down the drain. when will the us government finally classify china as a currency manipulator? china is robbing us blind and @barackobama defends them. the washington establishment will never rein in government spending waste fraud and abuse. a great thinker and outsider is needed. my @foxandfriends interview discussing the make america great again texas filing and the iowa caucus. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the gop primary my 2012 options and why @barackobama must lose. i will be on the @todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show. stay tuned! the democrats solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax tax tax. just one problem: it doesn t work #timetogettough. the wall street journal has reported that obama s food stamp policies are ushering in a massive food stamp crime wave. #timetoget tough. to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system #timetogettough. michele bachmann will finish dead last tonight in iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss. sadly it is over for michele. a good friend: @sarahpalinusa. more importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put america on cont. he knows he won t have to spend much: @jonhuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar. i am honored that texas supporters have filed papers in texas to create make america great party on my behalf. another @barackobama investment triumph--the 500billion american funded finnish plug in cars are all being recalled. congratulations to @ricksantorum for coming out of iowa a winner! michele bachmann got less than 1200 more votes in the caucus than she did in the ames straw poll. very sad for her--a nice woman! he should be ignored: @ronpaul s foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies. he has zero chance to beat @barackobama. under president @barackobama china has experienced unusually fast gains and america unusually fast losses. #timetogettough. i have so much admiration and respect for the 2.4 million men and women of our armed forces. #timetogettough. if history teaches us anything it s that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national cont. we left iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious. michele bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn t do the newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her. celebrity apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning. nobody cares about the iowa straw poll is what @jonhuntsman said yesterday. his problem is that nobody cares about his campaign or him . michelle obama likes to be addressed as your excellency. she is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself. iran has warned the us not to send an aircraft carrier back into the strait of hormuz. we should send three as a cont. my @todayshow interview where i reveal the new cast of celebrity apprentice and discuss the gop primary field. obama s plan to have russia stand up to iran was a horrible failure that turned america into a laughingstock. #timetogettough. beyond simple justice and beyond reducing our national debt another advanage of taking the oil is that it cont. if americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the cont. the new season of the celebrity apprentice begins feb. 12--be prepared for the best season yet! china is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against iranian sanctions. president @barackobama s vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----unbelievable! people who have the ability to work should. but with the government happy to send checks too many of them don t. #timetogettough. if other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them those countries should pay for the protection. #timetogettough. getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action. #timetogettough. now @barackobama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground. imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - huntsman goes donald trump. amazing - @barackobama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the defense department...bad cont. be sure to watch my interview on @gretawire tonight! government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. #timetogettough. my @foxandfriends interview from this morning. instead of creating new jobs obamacare is destroying jobs. and the worst part is yet to come since the truly cont. sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster. #timetogettough. ??? @barackobama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the white house. the winners were conveniently all cont. priorities: @barackobama wants to slash a trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of cont. why do you need a photo id to buy a drain cleaner not to vote? obamacare is such a national treasure that @barackobama has waived over 1200 companies from the law. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire where i discuss my potential gop endorsement and the nh primary. restoring american wealth will require that we get tough. the next president must understand that america s cont. we need a president who knows how to get things done who can keep america strong safe and free and who can cont. the damage that democrats weak repubicans and this disaster of a president have inflicted on america has put cont. this is why @timtebow is a winner. he lays everything out on the field. he never quits and never gives up. that s why he is a success. new hampshire has a major decision to make today. hopefully we won t have to hear any more mandarin spoken in future debates. 3 chief of staffs in less than 3 years of being president: part of the reason why @barackobama can t manage to pass his agenda. why are we building a 1billion embassy in iraq when the country kicked us out didn t give us any oil & is about to get taken over by iran? opec has just raised oil to over 102 barrel. and @barackobama still won t approve the keystone pipeline. does he want high gas prices? president reagan had it right: social security is here to stay. we must root out the fraud and make it more cont. a real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely not funneling it to his cronies cont. 51 of @jonhuntsman s nh voters are satisfied with @barackobama as president so is @jonhuntsman! if you stop by trump tower fifth avenue between 56th and 57th streets you can buy a pre-signed copy of #timetogettough. america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our cont. with unempoyment over 10 in 2009 @barackobama held an extravagant alice in wonderland party. he is a man of the people! the us is always getting ripped off! china gets cheap oil from iran and iraq as us pays for hormuz patrols to cont. an iranian nuclear scientist s car exploded in tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--@barackobama --we need real leadership. newt attacks on @mittromney record at bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship. mistake! our marines are sent to kill the taliban not coddle them. usmc should be praised not investigated. semper fi ! i love america. and when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely even. #timetogettough cont. the american work ethic is what led generations of americans to create our once prosperous nation. cont. for too long we ve been pushed around used by other countries and ill-served by politicians in washington who cont. while @barackobama is slashing the military he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the taliban--who facilitated 9 11. the republicans should not give @barackobama the authority to raise the debt another 1.2trillion cont. newly released documents show geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed. #trumpvlog the republicans must defeat @barackobama not themselves..... rosie o donnell s show is dead - can t keep going for long with such poor ratings. @rosie is a stone cold cont. @barackobama may have been a good community organizer but the man is a lousy international dealmaker. #timetogettough. get it straight: pakistan is not our friend. weve given them billions and billions of dollars and what cont. i bought tim tebow s jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer. there are 11 more solyndras in the @barackobama energy program he loves to waste our cont. @barackobama wont approve the keystone pipeline so canada is now looking to sell their oil to china cont. receiving @americancancer lifetime achievement award & chairing @followlola debut @carnegiehall on jan.19. to state the obvious if any business operated the way the government does it would go under. #timetogettough. @barackobama asked iran for our drone back. they are returning a miniature model. another diplomatic coup! @barackobama is unveiling a tourism plan in disney world on thursday. listen to my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10pm et on @foxnews. china presents three big threats to the united states in its outrageous currency manipulation its systematic cont. the problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological cont. my @foxnews with @gretawire discussing the keystone pipeline re-election is more important than 20000 jobs and cont. rick perry--a good man a great family and a patriot. a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off. we ve done it before. #timetogettough. conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak. using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes cont. our country has a big heart. and it s a point of national pride that we take care of our own. #timetogettough cont. texas is lucky to have him--- @governorperry is a great guy! playing politics with the keystone decision? @barackobama vetos 20000 jobs and cheaper oil. when will @barackobama release his transcripts? what is he hiding? the national debt continues to rise at record levels and today @barackobama is in disney world. he lives in a fantasy. the law requires individuals pay 15 on carried interest. why would a potential president pay more than he or she is supposed to? we have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy. #timetogettough cont. in all my years in business and participating in politics i ve never seen the country as divided as it is right cont. the white house should stop publicly pressuring israel on iran. iran s nuclear program is the threat not israel s right to self-defense. obama s new campaign ad defends solyndra i guess losing 500m is a cause for celebration for @barackobama. canada will now sell its oil to china because @barackobama rejected keystone. at least china knows a good deal when they see it. china has hacked another us government body. will we learn? congratulations to @newtgingrich on a stunning win in south carolina. all eyes are on florida now. my @newsmax media interview from friday where i predicted that @newtgingrich in south carolina would change the race. while obama is obsessed with green collar jobs blue collar workers aren t buying it. cont. i have great respect for the people that represent china. what i don t respect is the way that we negotiate and cont. to the @barackobama administration saving money isn t the point--expanding government and spending more cont. a tough week was had by@mittromney but he s come back from adversity before. iran is threatening to shut the strait of hormuz and @barackobama won t approve the keystone pipeline. his energy policy makes america weak. obama wants americans to keep buying crude from opec who is ripping us off instead of our ally canada through cont. look here s the deal: @barackobama has been a total disaster. he has spent this country into the ground and cont. capitalism requires capital. when government robs capital from investors it takes away the money that creates cont. tonight in his sotu @barackobama won t talk about keystone. he will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare. it has been 1000 days since @barackobama has passed a budget. he continues to spend this country into the ground without any control. a gallon of gas has more than doubled while @barackobama has been potus and he still won t approve keystone. it is a shame keystone wasn t powered by solar panels and wind because then @barackobama would have wasted billions on it. my daughter ivanka thinks i should run for president. maybe i should listen. all i heard in the sotu was proposals for more govt more spending and more bureaucrats. very bad! people are smart. they know you can t be for jobs but against those who create them. it doesn t work. cont. all raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford. cont. tom brokaw keeps calling mitt romney george mitt s father . sadly time is up for tom. for a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is obama also appears surprisingly clueless cont. notice how @barackobama failed to mention obamacare last night in his sotu. even he knows it is terrible. after solyndra @barackobama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies. he must be accountable. keystone pipeline would create 20000 direct jobs another 50000 jobs servicing the pipeline. 700000 barrels a cont. last night in his sotu @barackobama claimed that he is a friend of israel. does anyone really believe that. #trumpvlog my thoughts on the state of the union address apple and a great @wsj article.... check out this great story from the @wsj... my @squawkcnbc interview from earlier in the week discussing the gop primary and @newtgingrich s electability. my @gretawire interview discussing @ivankatrump wanting me to run for potus @barackobamas sotu and his china policy. @barackobamas sotu ratings were down 12 from 2011 he can t even deliver ratings in an election year. @barackobama gave 1 of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 i guess he only likes spending our money. @barackobamas sotu claim that companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas is 100 false. we need more grown-ups in washington people who will shoot straight and level with the american people. #timetogettough. did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the united states we could power americas cont. @barackobamas russian ambassador stated that he supports universal values not american values cont. watch me on @hannityshow tonight at 9pm et on @foxnews. its sadtruly sad and disgracefulthe way obama has allowed america to be abused and kicked around cont. sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs @barackobama has been a total cont. i ve got news for president obama: america is not what s wrong with the world. #timetogettough. watch the clip from my #c21 super bowl spot on @accesshollywood tonight. he makes a mistake every hour every day admits @barackobama. the problem is that we are paying for them. my interview with @seanhannity discussing this season s @apprenticenbc #timetogettough the economy and gop primary. he admits his presidency has been flawed...but @barackobama claims economy is stronger. for those who missed my chat with @hannityshow on radio here it is on tv. sean is terrific. another electric car firm that @barackobama gave 118m just went bankrupt. he loves to waste our tax dollars. check out this photo shoot video of @ivankatrump s spring 2012 collection.... food stamps up 45 . federal handouts up 45 . is @barackobama happy? the military threat from china is gigantic and it s no surprise that the communist chinese government lies cont. glad to hear bella santorum is recovering. @ricksantorum has a beautiful family. the gop primary is getting very nasty. the candidates need to remember that @barackobama is the main target. he must not be reelected. keystone must be approved through congress. @barackobama is costing america over 20000 jobs and driving the price of gas high. the islamists are taking over egypt through the election. why did @barackobama force mubarak out? he was an ally. today is a big day for us and for toronto: trump international hotel & tower toronto opens today. cont. my appearance this morning on good morning america... all eyes are on florida today. i will be watching the gop primary results very closely. we need the right candidate to beat @barackobama. my @foxandfriends interview discussing my possible gop endorsement @mittromney s taxes and the florida primary. my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama s economic failures attack on capitalism and playing class warfare. it is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied americans to think that a life on welfare of cont. what s incredible is that obamacare hasn t even kicked in yet and already it s doing tremendous damage. cont. a commander in chief has to possess the right instincts. that s one of the biggest problems with @barackobama: cont. the muslim brotherhood @barackobama s allies in egypt will cancel the camp david agreement. what a disaster! the banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn. this is why we bailed the banks out! keystone: @johnboehner must pass keystone by linking it to another bill. formerly of the new york times @frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out. sadly he is an even cont. congratulations to @mittromney for an impressive win in florida. he performed well under pressure. great news that the new york stock exchange won t be owned by a german company. european regulators turned the cont. my @jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to trump national the fl primary @apprenticenbc and opec. my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing the national housing market unemployment numbers and the fl cont. i was on @squawkbox this morning. a tough negotiator can make the chinese back off. we ve done it before. #timetogettough. america became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance. #timetogettough cont. the point is: the chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure and they know they re not going to get cont. shocking--two of @barackobama s largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to solyndra what a coincidence! his spending is reckless: @barackobama will set a record fourth year of a 1 trillion budget deficit. he @barackobama wants to release 5 senior taliban detainees back to the taliban. the taliban out negotiates him! #trumpvlog @barackobama s dismal record in today s video blog.... i will be making a major announcement tomorrow thursday february 2 at 12:30 pm at trump international hotel & cont. i will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm pst at trump international hotel & tower las vegas cont. watch my endorsement of @mittromney. i bet the dumbest political commentator on television @lawrence will soon be thrown off the air for poor cont. sleepy eyed @chucktodd thinks las vegas is a state--see @todayshow this morning. the new york times bill carter sept.26 2011: on msnbc meanwhile lawrence o donnell has lost 100000 viewers cont. i watched @barackobama at the national prayer breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words. cont. my @cnns interview with @wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of @mittromney and why he can beat @barackobama. my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto discussing my endorsement of @mittromney and how i came to my decision. we have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers. cont. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing why i endorsed @mittromney and why he will make a great president. the cbo has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8.8 this next year. this is @barackobama s economic recovery. youre hired! the @century21 ad is airing during the #superbowl and you need to get voting! vote for me & @century21:. #superbowl vote for me and @century21--. to vote for me and century 21 for the best #superbowl commercial click the following link and like the page. congrats @mittromney on a huge nv victory. lets make @barackobama a one term president #onetermfund. my @century21 super bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter. so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want? they want trump. cont. not the world only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn t care about you. @lawrence you re too stupid to cont. he s saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in america. @barackobama has done an cont. the economy is in terrible shape. @barackobama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth. the prayer breakfast was used by @barackobama to say that the bible commands higher income taxes. that s not the way it is! as china is building an air and naval force @barackobama is cutting ours. he is weakening our national security. my @foxandfriends interview discussing the super bowl the real unemployment numbers iran and @mittromney s cont. tune in tonight at 1 am est to the qvc network to watch melania trump debut her first 2012 melania timepieces & cont. i believe @barackobama is manipulating the jobless numbers. destroying the world s finest health-care system so that @barackobama can have his socialized medicine program cont. it s hardly any wonder that our country s manufacturing dominance has evaporated. #timetogettough cont. a record 1.2 million americans have left the job force during @barackobama s recovery don t trust the job numbers. another @barackobama green car loan recipient is laying off staff. how many billions of our money has he wasted? i endorsed @mittromney not because i agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with china. many many people are disappointed i didn t run third party--but i won t risk @barackobama benefiting from a split in the anti-obama vote. i see @flgovscott poll numbers are improving. good man doing a good job. vanity fair is failing. newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has cont. many people have been asking me to answer questions. you can ask me questions at any time. #trumpqanda. why is @mittromney the only guy who talks about getting tough with china and their currency manipulation? eli manning. great athlete. great guy. @nygiants great teamwork! @nathanfuchs @lawrence he s not a smart man. he is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink! @ianbqueen in answer to your question my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family. @miss drax my first job was working for and with my father fred c. trump. i see my friend @flagovscott is speaking at cpac. solid guy wonderful job. #sayfie @marcaputo. glad to see no charges against greg kelly. his accusers charges never made sense! @bats67 as a parent education has a high priority it is very important. i went to one of the best schools and cont. @barackobama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the wh east room while our country burns. @grimeygatsby i only require four hours of sleep per night. @stass13 sorry she s taken. government dependency has surged over 23 since @barackobama has taken office. he is creating an entitlement culture. @fatmaninaspeedo i have not met @macmiller but his song donald trump has had over 40 milion hits. maybe he should pay me somethiing. @npbraden i already have two great pilots. obamacare is an attack on our country s identity. the latest victim is the catholic church. it must be full repealed. @barackobama. i m sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren t we talking about onshoring ? cont. getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take cont. #trumpvlog my thoughts on @ricksantorum in today s video blog... government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. it s cont. check out a picture of the custom made trump bike that paul teutul sr. presented to me today in trump tower--. jon huntsman called to see me. i said no he gave away our country to china! @jonhuntsman. @misterglorious i wear suits from the donald j. trump signature collection. @jlukerobinson the best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with robert kiyosaki midas touch. cont. who is the dumbest man on tv? @lawrence of msnbc... @bonniebell every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse cont. @cheatingdeam my best secret for business is that you have to love what you re doing. you need passion. cont. my @cnn interview with @tvashleigh discussing @mittromney s electability and @ricksantorum s senate loss. my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the 2012 gop primary and obamacare s attack on the catholic church. #trumpvlog windfarms in today s video blog... lawrence o donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled tv series mister cont. why should he? he s only the potus--and @barackobama has no opinion on whether the senate should pass a budget. q a @saychowder i receive a great many requests for interviews nationally and internationally. q a @stalkinpeople yes i d give the real numbers. the fed is destroying the dollar. when inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas. q a @thecelidebiasio the secret behind my success is that i love what i m doing. that gives me energy focus cont. the church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: @barackobama lied to his catholic supporters to pass obamacare. @wyattbrian timing is important so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed. keystone must be approved. oil is at a record high. we need to use our resources and support allies like canada. the gop needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate @barackobama and his big spending allies in cont. the fastest way we can start saving social security is to get americans back to work. #timetogettough cont. @ivankatrumps @cnn interview with @piersmorgan discussing @apprenticenbc the economy and politics. obama doesnt respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us. he thinks that the wealth you create cont. @mittromney will give a great speech at cpac today. he understands the threat from china. as someone once put it marriage is the greatest anti-poverty program god ever created. #timetogettough. our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known. we have big hearts big brains and cont. the 25 billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees. stupid! @barackobamas class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the dnc convention. he is charging 1 million for a single suite. this week we saw what obama care actually does when implemented. it is a losing issue for @barackobama and must be repealed. whitney houston was a great friend and an amazing talent. we will all miss her and send our prayers to her family. my @foxandfriends interview discussing my friend whitney houston @sarahpalinusa s cpac speechthe economy and primary. this has to stop! @barackobama loves accruing american debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over 500 billion. honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers. we are making america #1 again. #timetogettough. it s a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone. cont. look when it comes to china america better stop messing around. china sees us as a naive gullible foolish cont. we need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth savings and investment. it s time to cont. watch late night with jimmy fallon on nbc at 12:35 est tonight---i ll be bringing a couple of surprises with me. a day after greece burned @barackobama released a 3.8 trillion budget for 2013 with a 900 billion deficit.he will turn america into greece. congressional black caucus chairman emanuel cleaver is right. @barackobama s budget is a nervous breakdown on paper. a day after @barackobama released a trillion dollar budget deficit he is hosting china s future leader vp xijinping. america s new reality. so wrong! @barackobama is hosting china s vp xi jinping today at the pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons... a gallon of gas is 3.523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year the @barackobama policy realized! this is dangerous: @barackobama is seeking to shrink israeli military funding but gives 1.3billion to muslim cont. @barackobama s budget funds the arab spring with 800b and the muslim brotherhood in egypt 1.3b in military aid. he loves radical islam. in today s #trumpvlog i speak about the chopper recently made for me by @occhoppers.... #celebapprentice. we need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat china poses in the cont. we need a dealmaker in the white house who knows how to think innovatively and make smart cont. america s primary goal with iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions. let me put this as plainly as i know cont. flattering. over 500 upset people called mar-a-lago disappointed i am not running for president--but mitt romney will do a great job. a clip from my interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the cast of @apprenticenbc season 5. so i speak badly of china but i speak the truth and what do the consumers in china want? they want trump. cont. china is our enemy. it s time we start acting like it...and if we do our job corectly china will gain a whole cont. the final part of restoring fiscal sanity to america is the most obvious and that s to control obama-style cont. @the joey that could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment. this season of celebrity apprentice is great--be sure to watch. @hangersmensline my agenda is such that i can t meet with you but it s always nice to be asked and i wish you the best. @atlthrasher i don t think it has run its course. there are opportunities. finding them and maximizing them are key components for success. @kingdelrosario i like to invest in what i know which tends to be real estate but i keep an open mind. @fox trot 1 i was in my twenties. rt: @thedailybeast: polling shows the @americanselect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory... so @jlin7 had another game winning shot last night. looks like the knicks have not only found a new point guard cont. @joeyhatcher you ll have to watch to find out. iran s attack on israeli diplomats is an attack on the west. when the economy is bad @barackobama wants to raise taxes. when the economy is good @barackobama wants to raise taxes. notice a trend? the recession was made worse by @barackobama. a 900billion deficit is not getting better. wrong policy: @barackobama wants to cut defense spending by 487b while china is building their navy in the pacific. scenes from last night s episode of @occhoppers where @donaldjtrumpjr and i visit the occ hq. canada s pm was in china last week brokering a deal to sell the oil @barackobama rejected in keystone. unbelievable! pat caddell on neil cavuto tonight: i ve watched donald trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to cont. @jtatsuno no not trademarked. @stecbeck thanks i ll keep at it. @dansalbreiter maybe they don t want to. @memoinc you have to find a business that you love. that s number one. success requires passion. then keep your focus and never give up. very successful fund raising for @mittromney yesterday. good to see my friend woody johnson. he @mittromney gets the china problem why don t the others? old post office building in dc will be a world-class trump property. honored to be doing this historic building--washington will be proud. rt @accesshollywood: @realdonald trump: celebrity apprentice season 5 is tough nasty & smart. watch:. yesterday china vp xi stressed the benefits of trade with china to congress we need fair trade with china! gallup poll proves that @barackobama s regulation and obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring shock! the fed is considering issuing even more us bond debt into the market. not good! bush was called unpatriotic by @barackobama in 07 for adding 4t to debt @barackobama increased it 6t in 3 years. weakness is very dangerous: @barackobama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal. america keeps the world safe! government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet. every time it does it slows growth and kills jobs. it s cont. i ve got news for president @barackobama: america is not what s wrong with the world. i don t believe we need cont. by raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs @barackobama continues to weaken our cont. don t forget! sunday night at 9 pm est on @nbc--celebrity apprentice is back! tune in for a great show. @apprenticenbc. my @todayshow discussing the @celebapprentice discussing the cast. he @mittromney wrote a great piece on china @jonhuntsman criticized him cont. our ally canada wants to send their oil down south to us. @barackobama is forcing canada to send it west to china. admitted:@barackobama s treasury secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address america s cont. watch #celebapprentice this sunday at 9pm eston @nbc--it has received many 4 star reviews. mark my words a gallon of gas will be 5 during the summer. opec is ripping us off. there s nobody in our cont. foreigners slashed the purchase of us debt late last year--the first time in over 2years. we must control spending. michelle obama s weekend ski trip toaspen makes it 16 times that obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years. cont. as the nuclear crisis with iran shows america needs to import oil from a reliable region. keystone xl pipeline cont. if the gop will have any chance to beat @barackobama in november the great people of michigan need to support @mittromney s candidacy. iran s threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil. opec is ripping us off while @barackobama watches. our president should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy. instead cont. right now we have a president and a treasury secretary who shrug while china tears away hundreds of thousands cont. david letterman s show has become so boring and mundane. somehow every time i look i can t help thinking of cont. my interview with @paulwtalk on @wjrradio on behalf of @mittromney discussing why michigan needs to go for romney. the more i get to know @mittromney the more i like him. he has the judgment and private sector experience america needs in the white house. as the @barackobama s took their 16th vacation this month unemployment is back to 9 and underemployment at cont. @jlin7 is a special player. he makes watching the knicks fun. i think he can lead the knicks far this season. @jlin7. @celebapprentice is having wonderful ratings once again. @ivankatrump & @donaldjtrumpjr. i am very proud of this season. now @barackobama wants us to believe the republicans cancelled keystone and are responsible for 4 gas. he cont. he may be the worst reporter in all of sports: @rickreilly of @espn. he gets away with murder and most people cont. rev. graham made a critical point. @barackobama has turned a blind eye to the christians being persecuted in cont. we need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong. #timetogettough. america s relationship with china is at a crossroads. we only have a short window of time to make the tough cont. my robocall on behalf of @mittromney playing across the state of michigan. my interview with @newsmax media where i explain that gas is headed to 5 6 and why @ricksantorum can t win. in last night s #cnndebate @mittromney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore america s future. iranian pastor #nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the mullahs because he is a christian cont. @mittromney to @ricksantorum in #cnndebate: in 2008 you called me really conservative. rt @occhoppers: bike we built for @realdonaldtrump. the gold flakes in the paint out in the sunlight looked amazing! irony! @barackobama was in florida yesterday fundraising. gas also rose to 6 gallon for florida drivers yesterday. half of americans don t pay income tax despite crippling govt debt... if china didn t play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field we could easily cont. we are the greatest country the world has ever known. i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or cont. restoring american wealth will require that we get tough. the next president must understand that america s cont. debbie wasserman schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell! clive davis gave a great eulogy at my friend whitney houston s funeral--absolutely amazing! take a tour of this amazing residence at trump world tower..... i m on @foxandfriends every monday morning at 7:30... my @foxnews interview with @gretawire discussing the #cnndebate and how to deal with iran without using force. my interview with michael patrick shiels on wjim in lansing on behalf of @mittromney. in 2008 @barackobama campaigned against 3.50 gas it is now 6 in florida and on the rise. he is a disaster! as gas prices keep rising @barackobama won t approve keystone. instead he is pushing algae - yes algae - as an cont. pastor #nadarkhani must be released by iran immediately. i applaud the @whitehouse & @statedept for issuing cont. this is good news: @mittromney is now leading in michigan by 6 points according to @rasmussenpoll. while @barackobama is obsessed with green collar jobs blue collar workers aren t buying it. cont. for a country like china being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings cont. @sachabaroncohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood cont. what america needs: @mittromney follows in steps of kemp and reagan with pro-growth tax cut. it is time to get out of afghanistan. we are building roads and schools for people that hate us. it is not in our national interests. it is time republicans stop attacking each other and focus on @barackobama. america cannot survive a second term. the uk has run out of money and can t afford to borrow. neither can we but that doesn t stop @barackobama. the fact is you re not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs cont. if @barack obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution then maybe he should have cont. new york times apologizes to donald trumpa recent story in the new york times incorrectly stated that donald cont. my @squawkcnbc interview from this morning discussing the price of oil windfarmsdoral hotel & country club and more... mitt s got it right: @ricksantorum s attacks on @mittromney s pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish. the oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo. @barackobama should open more land for drilling not tap the reserve. #trumpvlog my thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing...... america will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: @mittromney s success in the private sector is a tremendous asset. he was quick to issue an apology on behalf of america to karzai. why won t he release the letter? @barackobama. obamacare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants. yet @barackobama is cutting our troops healthcare. cont. @barackobama s energy sec. called for 7- 9 gas in january. wish granted. @barackobama owns the gas prices. @barackobama seems to have no regard for how china is conducting massive industrial espionage against the cont. american corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation but the chinese cont. ann romney is a fantastic lady. she was great in thanking people last night! i loved being a surrogate on behalf of @mittromney. i am glad i was able to help him win. after super tuesday every gop candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can t get the nomination. gas prices are up 30 cents this month rising 21 days in a row don t worry - @barackobama has a solution--algae! china is getting minerals from afghanistan we are getting our troops killed by the afghani govt t. time to get out. @barackobama should stop pressuring israel against attacking iran and worry how he will stop the iranian nuclear drive. @barackobama. imagine how much money the average american would save if we busted the opec cartel. cont. imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing cont. @mittromney is right--the chinese have walked all over @barackobama @mittromney will rein in the chinese. @barackobama claims that his koran apology calmed things down us troops were killed by cont. he made a great contribution to the press--@andrewbreitbart will be missed. the real unemployment rate according to the cbo is 15 @barackobama s economic recovery is all hope. the chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft. cont. if history teaches us anything it s that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national cont. dopey @georgewill the most overrated political pundit in the business continues to downgrade the republican cont. shock! obamacare s high risk pool spending doubled government estimates @barackobama is bankrupting this country! once again @barackobama s speech at @aipac yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing @israel cont. i fully support the @nypd @mayorbloomberg and @commissionerkelly. they should all be honored for protecting us since 9 11---not demonized. a must read! @andrewbreitbart s last article--the vetting part i: @barackobama s love song to alinsky. americans understand that the us has a spending problem not a revenue problem. #timetogettough. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why @mittromney is a great nominee gas prices and why george will is a loser. with respect to iran we have all the cards--they are scared stiff! i can t believe we aren t able to negotiate cont. today will be a super tuesday for @mittromney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region. he will be the nominee. china is raising its defense budget by 11 @barackobama wants to cut ours by over 1trillion. wrong policy. he @barackobama is using the irs to sabotage the tea party what about the occupy wall street groups? strong leader: @israelipm netanyahu explained at aipac the threat israel faces from iran s nuclear drive. he is cont. he @barackobama promised to close gitmo in his first year. it is still open 3 years later and about to get a cont. someone should ask @barackobama in today s press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined. while china screws us with every turn of its currency is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face cont. the military threat from china is gigantic--and it s no surprise that the communist chinese government lies cont. happy and proud to help @mittromney win ohio with robo-calls in pivotal cuyahoga county. my interview on @asavagenation discussing why @mittromney will defeat @barackobama with a strong campaign. my interview with @jay severin on behalf of @mittromney discussing why the gop must nominate @mittromney. as an honorary buckeye i want to thank the oh gop primary voters for putting @mittromney over the top. it was a crucial win. he @barackobama claims he does not want higher gas prices. that s not what he said in 2008:. he @barackobama will lose a delegate in oklahoma--he only got 57 of the vote in the democrat primary. gas is 6 already in california. don worry - @barackobama s algae energy policy is going to pay major cont. he is a professional and true gentleman: @georgetakei is one of my favorite contestants from #celebapprentice. america deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our armed forces face in our cont. that s what i find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve. work cont. getting china to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take cont. ray kelly is the best police commissioner in nyc history. keeping nyc safe thru vigilance. @raykelly. excited by my acquisition of doral hotel & country club in miami--already world class but will soon be the best. my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing @mittromney s super tuesday and why @barackobama must be defeated. the @barackobama recovery - us unemployment is 9.1 us underemployment is 19.1 businesses won t hire under obama. barackobama set a record deficit last february - 229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent. @barackobama is reckless. the only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is @mittromney. the primary is over. coincidence? more than half of @barackobama s 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs. i ll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am don t miss it. the celebrity apprentice sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. another great episode! personally i m glad the nypd is monitoring the actions of certain extremists. new york s finest! i support them. when i was 18 people called me donald trump. when he was 18 @barackobama was barry soweto. weird. seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control. pathetic: @barackobama did not want to veto keystone himself--so he lobbied the democrats in the senate to defeat it. maniac sergeant who went on a killing spree in afghanistan must be punished big time and quickly. the us is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we re selling our coal to cont. china talks about the so-called carbon footprint and then behind our leaders backs they laugh. they could cont. afghanistan is a total disaster. we don t know what we are doing. they are in addition to everything else robbing us blind. doral tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in @justinrose. would anyone in the music industry treat a democrat like this? @realmeatloaf is being punished for his political views. his @barackobama s specialties? vacations and campaigning. jobs not so much! cadillac championship at doral a great success--i just bought doral--it will be amazing. cadillac a great american car. he @ricksantorum should get out of the race so republicans can focus on @barackobama. nyc s top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the muslim community. vigilance keeps us cont. trump international hotel & tower new york---winner of the forbes five-star hotel award in 2009 through 2012. my @gretawire interview from last friday discussing the unemployment numbers gas prices and acquiring the doral. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing today s primary contests @mittromney s lead and my stock picks. #trumpvlog my thoughts on afghanistan @ricksantorum and why i fired two people on this week s #celebapprentice... @barackobama doesn t have an answer for how much americans should pay for gas he wants 6 gallon gas! @mittromney has won the most delegates received the most votes and won the most states. the primary is over. time to defeat @barackobama. the day after @barackobama blocks a texas voter photo id law @jamesokeefeiii exposes more dead people getting ballots. in terms of energy we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches...and i also include in that cont. yes the bp oil spill was bad but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling. that showed no cont. @mittromney did well last night. he won 2 4 contests and earned the most delegates. @mittromney will be the nominee. the 2012 budget deficit is already 93 billion larger than earlier estimates @barackobama cont. @nicollettesheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing. the show made her--she should have been happy. i commend @drzuhdijasser for defending the nypd and commissioner kelly. the nypd has done outstanding work in defending nyc from attacks. shock! obamacare will cost double what @barackobama promised -- over 1.76 -- and result cont. the @barackobama administration now claims to have done everything to reduce gas prices what about keystone? when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america s military capability you cont. the illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand. along our cont. i m not a hunter and don t approve of killing animals. i strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters but cont. last week was a first in #celebapprentice when i fired 2 celebrities at once. wish i could fire @ricksantorum! cont. he @barackobama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the british state dinner so corrupt! once again @ricksantorum proves he can t run a professional campaign. he is ineligible in large section of cont. be sure to watch #celebapprentice on sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. another great episode! @ricksantorum is clearly not a team player. if he was knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the cont. my @foxnews interview with @teamcavuto where i explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources. barack obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection. @barackobama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities. i ll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. be sure to tune in. rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth. it is a tax on all americans. @barackobama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like solyndra. he is an economic ignoramus. afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 marines last month. they don t want us what cont. if we keep on this path if we reelect @barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won t look cont. we don t always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators but they are. presidents are our cont. we should have gotten more of the oil in syria and we should have gotten more of the oil in iraq. dumb leaders. #celebapprentice fans watch today s #trumpvlog to find out about our new app. be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday s episode. rosie o donnell has failed again. her ratings were abysmal and oprah cancelled her on friday night. when will cont. give great credit to @georgeclooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in sudan. my @gretawire interview where i discuss why @barackobama is an economic ignoramus and how opec is inflating gas prices. my @foxandfriends interview where i discuss @rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can t make it on tv. america is mired in the longest job recession since the great depression. @mittromney can get us out of it. cont. why does @barackobama always have to rely on teleprompters? congratulations to @barackobama for being reckless. in his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable. why gas prices will cost @barackobama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama. i am so glad @rosie got fired by @oprah. rosie is a bully and it s always nice to see bullies go down! i am deeply disturbed by what i have read in the case of @trayvonmartin. i support a full investigation and justice. just bought doral hotel & country club in miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country. @mittromney should consider gov mcdonnell of va gov christie of nj and senator rubio of fl for vp. really good men doing a really good job. trump tuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am is getting very good ratings as is @foxandfriends on mondays 7:30 am. he @ricksantorum wants to decide what books people can read what movies they can see. #freespeech it doesn t work that way! played the trump international golf club in palm beach last weekend. one of the best golf courses in the country. perfect weather. ron desantis iraq vet navy hero bronze star yale harvard law running for congress in fla. very impressive. they should seriously look into the moron george zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid trayvon cont. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the gop primary gas prices the doral purchase and my outlook on the economy. he @mittromney had another impressive win last night in illinois. his delegate lead is insurmountable. it is cont. he @ricksantorum has as much chance of being the gop nominee as @rosie does of ever having a successful cont. strange--why didn t @barackobama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of obamacare? the saudis are taking credit for a meager 2 drop on crude they always play this game cont. the blatant waste of taxpayers dollars doesn t bother obama because it s all part of his broader nanny-state cont. we have to get tough on china. for every one american child there are four chinese. china is out to steal our cont. happy birthday to my legendary friend aretha franklin. congratulations to woody johnson and @nyjets on acquiring @timtebow.@timtebow is not only a winner but a leader. cont. i am following the trayvon martin case carefully. it s a terrible situation that should never have happened. cont. don t forget to watch celebrity apprentice this sunday night at 9 pm on nbc. you re in for a great show. i ll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. the chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but cont. @barackobama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production. of course his policies have nothing to do cont. @ricksantorum is desperate. now he is saying that he would prefer @barackobama over @mittromney. cont. he @barackobama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure. he is 100 responsible for solyndra. if you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world i highly recommend that you read the art of cont. with china beating us like a punching bag daily opec vacuuming our wallets clean and jobs nowhere in sight cont. if we reelect @barackobama the america we leave our kids and grandkids won t look like the america we were cont. trump tuesday: i ll be on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning at 7:30 am. be sure to tune in. my @foxandfriends interview discussing the @nyjets acquisition of @timtebow and the timing of @reppaulryan s plan. he @barackobama is caught on tape making election promises to @medvedevrussiae on missile defense and national security. when confronted @ricksantorum can t defend his ridiculous attacks on @mittromney. whether @reppaulryan s plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue the issue is strategic timing. why release it now? obamacare is clearly unconstitutional. hopefully the usc rules correctly but in the end repealing obamacare requires a political solution. mar-a-lago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of cont. not his per se ? a friday document dump shows @barackobama all-hands-on-deck as solyndra collapsed @barackobama lies. sadly when it comes to using the energy industry to create american jobs obama has been a total disaster. and cont. america s relationship with china is at a crossroads. we only have a short window of time to make the tough cont. @jayleno - my description of @mittromney - future president or potus 45 or @barackobama s worst nightmare. let s not get too excited about monday s u.s. supreme court oral argument on #obamacare before the decision. no cont. i ll be interviewed by greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm et on fox. behind the scenes photo of @gretawire and i filming an interview- watch tonight at 10pm et on @foxnews. alex rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the yankees in that he misrepresented his use of cont. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing interest rates the deficit @reppaulryan s timing @timtebow and the doral. global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again. the left needs a dose of reality. welcome to the islamist winter - the muslim brotherhood is now taking over the egyptian military and possibly cont. when @barackobama is not vacationing he is hosting his top donors in the white house always having a good time! @ricksantorum is desperate. he is now saying that he wants to be @mittromney s vp. cont. the afghan security forces who we are training have killed 52 u.s. soldiers time to get out of there! i wonder if @barackobama has promised iran and china that he can be more flexible after his last election? what s incredible is that @obamacare hasn t even kicked in yet and aleady it s doing tremendous damage. cont. to have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system. almost every cont. my @gretawire interview where i discuss the #obamacare usc argument gas prices & @ivankatrump s new clothing line. fans like winners. they come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great exciting things. #theartofthedeal. the house republicans and democrats are finally unanimous! yesterday they voted down @barackobama s 3.6t budget cont. liberals can hardly belileve it--they can t understand how health care costs could have risen so much when cont. he @barackobama received an early endorsement from the soviet newspaper pravda over @mittromney cont. @marcorubio s endorsement of @mittromney shows that the gop is coalescing to defeat @barackobama. in 2008 @barackobama warned that electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket during his term. mission accomplished! the fed must be reined in. in 2011 the fed bought 61 percent of us debt--even more than 2008. unsustainable! @vp biden is delusional. he is criticizing @mittromney on jobs. @barackobama s economic record is an abject failure. bad news for @barackobama. @gallupnews reports that the economy 71 and gas prices 65 are americans top cont. photo of @gretawire and me from yesterday s interview... @georgezimmerman doesn t look injured to me. even if he s in a fight does he have to use a gun--and why shoot cont. a study says @autism is out of control--a 78 increase in 10 years. stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations cont. don t forget the three hour episode of celebrity apprentice this sunday night 8pm-11pm on nbc. you re in for a cont. i like thinking big. i always have. to me it s very simple: if you re going to be thinking anyway you might as cont. the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. #theartofthedeal. a smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars our laws and our armed forces to get a better deal cont. it was great seeing @missuniverse and @missteenusa yesterday-. @mittromney studying ways to increase pressure on china over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices. waste! with a 16t debt and 1t budget deficit @barackobama is sending 770m overseas to fight global warming. i ll be speaking at the first-ever national achievers congress at the san jose convention center san jose ca cont. white house press sec. had a hard time explaining why @barackobama supported tax breaks for oil companies in cont. @obamacare is a disaster. despite the mandate there will still be 27m uninsured and premiums will rise at faster rate. he @barackobama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime. some exciting news--the newest acquisition of trump golf--trump national golf club charlotte nc formerly the cont. be sure to download my new the celebrity apprentice app to begin interacting with this sunday s episode. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. america s competitors love @barackobama. @medvedevrussiae says @barackobama has been the best 3 years for russia. the us should not give a penny of foreign aid to egypt if the muslim brotherhood takes over the country. we cont. what will be @ricksantorum s excuse tomorrow after @mittromney wins wisconsin and maryland? time for rick to face reality and drop out. the @barackobama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud. #timetogettough. chinese demand is raising the price of oil to 123 barrel we need to use our own energy resources. the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. leverage is cont. when people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me my general attitude all my life has cont. my #trumptuesday @squawkcnbc interview discussing golf vp choices the real estate market & healthcare reform. life is very fragile and success doesn t change that. if anything success makes it more fragile. anything can cont. he @barackobama should not be trying to intimidate the usc justices on obamacare. he is worried because sg cont. real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now. try to take advantage if you can and buy cont. he @barackobama said it would be unprecedented if the usc rules that obamacare is unconstitutional. it was cont. another solar company @barackobama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy one cont. money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. #theartofthedeal. china is our enemy. it s time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly china will gain a whole cont. #celebapprentice contestants @deesnider and @debbiegibson joined me for interviews today-. my twitter account is now reaching more people than the new york times--not bad. and we re only going to get better! he @barackobama made a deal with saudi arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election. watch what cont. @ricksantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation...the time to cont. remember what i said about @barackobama attacking iran before the election--i hope the iranians are not so cont. @barackobama doesn t believe in the supreme court or its power--i thought he was a constitutional lawyer. why cont. i ll be speaking on thursday april 12 at the first-ever national achievers congress at the san jose convention cont. why gas prices will rise miss canada miss universe and #celebapprentice in today s #trumpvlog... mar-a-lago my club in palm beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built has been nominated as one of cont. my @ingrahamangle interview discussing healthcare monopolies @mittromney oil prices and @annromney s birthday. my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama s usc comments insurance premiums @sarahpalinusa on the cont. this is a great time for @ricksantorum to bow out with dignity. here s the solution on china: get tough. slap a 25 percent tax on china s products if they don t set a real cont. here s the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america s military cont. he @ricksantorum is now losing in the latest @ppppolls to @mittromney in pennsylvania rick is wasting everyone s time. oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win. @oprah. while @barackobama criticizes the gop budget his own party graded him with an f by voting down his budget in the house 414-0. my book with @therealkiyosaki midas touch is divided into five sections. the first is the thumb-. don t miss me on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. the #celebrityapprentice sunday night on nbc at 9 pm. another exciting episode is ready to go. the midas touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success. cont. arrived in palm beach drove by a gas staion 4.50 a gallon. result of failed @barackobama leadership. proud to see my friend governor chris christie standing up for israel on his visit. standing tall! looked at plans for trump doral country club today. it will be amazing! glad to be in miami. the five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master. cont. his @barackobama s budget: interest payments to china will exceed us defense spending by 2019 @barackobama s america! it s @barackobama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds china for cutting their taxes! cont. the wh should not have hosted the muslim brotherhood. @barackobama s friends are enemies of the us and @israel. the islamist winter is here. 6 gas is coming sooner than later. america must become energy independent with our own resources and fast.also cont. @mittromney has created more jobs in the private sector than @barackobama has as president. @mittromney s record cont. #midastouch is divided into five sections. the second is the index finger which represents focus-. vote for mar-a-lago-. i made my decision to allow jenna talackova to participate in miss universe canada two days before gloria allred cont. congrats to @bubbawatson on winning the masters. he did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf. #celebrityapprentice contestant @louferrigno stopped by to visit today-. vanity fair magazine which used to be one of my favorites is failing badly. newsstand sales are plummeting--- cont. i will miss mike wallace. he did a major interview with me for 60 minutes and it was totally fair and balanced. cont. thomas kinkade died. i happen to love the beauty of his paintings. he took a lot of heat from art critics who cont. now they say obese women may cause autism in children- nonsense they use any excuse. the fda should immediately cont. he @newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player...he is a really good guy! he @barackobama wants 23 years of @mittromney s tax returns let s see bho s school cont. good news--@ricksantorum did the right thing. i congratulate him on running a very good race. now it s onto @barackobama -- go get him mitt! watch @ivankatrump s ready-to-wear fashion show at @lordandtaylor featuring @trumpmodels and @missusa..... thousands of us warplanes ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from china leaving them open cont. i ll be speaking tomorrow at the san jose convention center ca for the first- ever national achievers congress. the fed should not do qe3. neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity. there can never be a sharp economic recovery until @barackobama is out of the white house. he @mittromney is a successful entrepreneur. @barackobama successfuly ruined america s credit. easy choice in november. china attempted to sell embargoed computers to iran china loves these deals! i developed the wollman rink under budget and in record time if i hadn t gotten involved it would still be unused. i ll be on the willis report @gerriwillisfbn today at 5 pm est. look if we can make chopsticks in america and sell them to the chinese we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well. timetogettough. we just have to get tough get smart and get a president willing to stand up for america and stick it to the cont. beyond eliminating the wasteful spending we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of cont. ive gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a cont. it s thursday how much has @barackobama wasted today? he @flgovscott handled the zimmerman matter very well. i am glad to see there will be a trial. justice. now let s wait for a fair trial. excited to see that @anndromney has joined twitter. melania and i are looking forward to hosting her next week cont. attention to detail is critical choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence. find out more 4 18 5:30 pm @macys herald square. i ll be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 am monday. the celebrity apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- sunday at 9 pm on nbc. many countries are cutting back big time on ugly industrial wind turbines. the energy is very inefficient & cont. many many people are thanking me for what i said about @autism & vaccinations. something must be done immediately. now @barackobama s vice-chief of joint staff is defending china while they cheat wrong course of action. one of the simplest joys of life is golf. a great game to both play and watch. u.s. jobless claims are at a 2 month high. @barackobama s gas policy and obamacare are directly killing jobs. if @barackobama s policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking ronald reagan on the stump? @barackobama who wants to raise all our taxes only pays 20.5 on 790k salary. do as i say not as i do. capitalism requires capital. when government robs capital from investors through high taxes it takes away the cont. just left the best golf course in the state of california- @trumpgolfla. when in the la area check it out even cont. axl rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy. stop the no induction nonsense. do it for your fans @axlrose. the fda must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies. it is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue. it will be interesting to see how jenna talackovadoes as miss universe canada. we all wish her luck. i will be at @macys herald square april 18 to sign my new fragrance #success by trump. first 100 customers receive a copy of my new book. find out what success smells like. i ll be @macys herald square april 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance first cont. hear me on @kiss925toronto now!#rozandmocha. i ll be on@squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:30 am #trumptuesday. mike bloomberg is doing a great job as mayor of new york city. ray kelly is a great police commissioner. @mikebloomberg. #celebrityapprentice paul teutul sr. joined me for a press event in trump tower last week-. my @foxandfriends interview discussing @barackobama s reckless spending the buffet tax gimmick and #celebapprentice. i have captured the smell of success. meet me and the new success @macys herald square april 18 5:30pm first cont. paul teutul sr. is a fantastic guy. although i fired him on #celebapprentice we will remain great friends. i love the bike he made for me. he @mittromney would do a great job on saturday night live. @nbcsnl. while @barackobama watches china is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international cont. enjoyed watching @ericbolling @sarahpalinusa s @foxnews special #painatthepump over the weekend. cont. our ally canada is frustrated by @barackobama s radical anti-gas policies bho is forcing canada to send gas to china. yesterday was @barackobama s favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute. under @barackobama 5 major banks now control 56 of economy from 43 in 2007 another catastrophe is brewing. gloria allred is always talking about me. she needs publicity. she is by far a better pr agent than lawyer. obama s secret service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our president. if they cont. vanity fair circulation down 20 percent. my third rate stalker should start looking for a new job. by @barackobama s design the middle class will be hit with record taxes under obamacare through inflation repeal! #celebrityapprentice ranked #1 among abc cbs and nbc in all key demos from 10-11pm. it won the 10pm hour by a 53 margin in 18-49 rating. i knew disgusting and unwanted porn star @repweiner was a sleazebag the first time i met him. thank goodness he was revealed so to speak . vanity fair party at tribeca film festival was a bust. my @fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend dick clark. a true tv legend who will be missed. i make no apologies for this country my pride in it or my desire to see us become strong and rich again. cont. @mittromney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against @barackobama. i am confident he can defeat @barackobama. very proud to announce that mar-a-lago was awarded top historic building in the state by the illustrious cont. @flgovscott signed a 70b budget which cut 140m in indiv projects very impressive. rick is doing a masterful job. ted nugent was obviously using a figure of speech unfortunate as it was. it just shows the anger people have towards @barackobama. @mittromney is right--this election is about jobs but it is interesting that @barackobama cont. reckless! @barackobama has now increased the debt more than any other potus and the first 42 combined. in today s #trumpvlog @repweiner the secret service and dick clark..... don t be fooled. in 2008 @barackobama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term. now promising cont. dick clark was a friend of mine he lived in one of my buildings on east 61st street. everybody loved him. he will be missed. #trumpvlog the song donald trump hits 54 million views. @macmiller- where s my money? i am in istanbulturkey. just opened magnificent #trumptowers--- a big hit. a bad manager such as @barackobama will continually be plagued by scandals. leadership starts at the top. my interview with @parademagazine from the olympics 100 day countdown in times square. tonights #celebrityapprentice will continue to impress. be sure to tune in tonight at 9pm et @nbc. it will be amazing. @mittromney can get people back to work. recently opened @trumptoronto- it s beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony.. today i m in aberdeen scotland preparing for the july 10th opening of perhaps the world s greatest golf course. just left istanbul turkey yesterday where #trumptowers was just opened--magnificent! via @reuters biz trump flies into ex-soviet georgia for tower project project. via @bbcnews trump begins renewables mission in scotland. more than anything else i think deal-making is an ability you re born with. it s in the genes. #theartofthedeal. not only are wind farms disgusting looking but even worse they are bad for people s health cont. lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent the point lake and golf club on lake norman in cont. 69 democrats voted in favor of the keystone pipeline in the house this week a major defeat for @barackobama. @jonhuntsman just trashed the gop and stood up for china on sunday i am surprised he didn t say it in mandarin. american professors were in tehran for an occupy wall street conference @barackobama s diplomatic initiative?!?! i m loyal to people who ve done good work for me. #theartofthedeal. i am enjoying my travels across europe but home is where the heart is. looking forward to coming back to the family in new york very soon. you can take the smartest kid at wharton the one who gets straight a s and has a 170 iq and if he doesn t cont. the government spends 30 more than it admits @barackobama is out of control with his deficit spending. made in america? @barackobama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court. congratulations to the @nyrangers on bringing the series home last night. majority of independents want obamacare overturned the best way to do it is by voting out @barackobama. demand by china continues to raise the price of oil we must become energy independent through our vast resources. the fact is right now and for the foreseeable future the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get cont. right now we are running a massive 300 billion trade deficit with china. that means every year. china is cont. congratulations to @mittromney on tuesday night s sweep. he also delivered a killer speech. he @barackobama believes that the war on terror is over who does he think won? still a buyer s market. residential home sales fall 7.1 in march. now is the time to buy property. the economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year the price of gas has to be lowered. standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world. opens july 10th. i wonder why @barackobama is now spending 8b to postpone obamacare s medicare cuts until after the election? i have never been a fan of john edwards but it is time for the gov t to focus on more important things. @johnedwards. i m sick of always reading about outsourcing. why aren t we talking about onshoring or insourcing? we need cont. admiral mcraven had full operational control of the bin laden mission @barackobama gave vague directions. the epa is caught saying that their philosophy is to crucify oil companies that will sure lower the price of gas. be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #celebapprentice this sunday on @nbc at 9pm est! this sunday s cont. in this book our second together we share what gives us the midas touch the ability to turn things we touch cont. the obama s spain vacation cost taxpayers over 476k they love to spend money. claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high where s the @barackobama recovery? wind turbines threaten the migration of birds where s the outcry? #successbytrump heres a photo from my appearance at @macy s herald square with @ximenanr. tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am est. always interesting. my @gretawire interview where i discuss fixing the economy killing bin laden the john edwards trial and fair trade. rosie o donnell should leave lindsay lohan alone--@rosie has bigger problems than lindsay. lindsay s mother called my office for help. he @johnedwards is bad but @andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a rat but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself. good morning america is thrilled @rosie is working for the @todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for @gma. barack obama s delivery on saturday night was excellent--cute mention of trump--and i am flattered to be mentioned. @barackobama. chinese spies stole our f-35 joint strike fighter design we should offset the cost from our chinese debt. the federal government is teaching citizens financial literacy while it is running 16t in debt only in america! guess which potus has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined? @barackobama is cont. heres a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #success @macys herald square. our founding fathers got it. they understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom economic freedom cont. the innocent bystanders of american poverty are kids. yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in america is cont. my @foxandfriends interview discussing @barackobama s #whcd lowering tax rates republic of georgia & cont. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing @barackobama s #whcd my scotland property & @barackobama using bin laden s death. @rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class ceo.he has built a tremendous empire and is certainly fit to run his corporation. the epa official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned good- but his attitude is endemic in the epa. bad move-@barackobama released 147m in aid to the palestinians that money is going to hamas. america s debt crisis is our country s greatest challenge. spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future. here s the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode america s military cont. china s leadership is sneaky and underhanded they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and cont. my interview with @nydngatecrasher discussing @barackobama s #whcd and my endorsement of @mittromney. editorial by @donaldjtrumpjr in the dailycaller: defending innovation in america. the new dark knight rises trailer is great the movie filmed scenes in trump tower last october. orders for u.s. factory goods in march record biggest decline in 3 years china is eroding the us manufacturing sector. my friend ronald kessler explains in @washingtonpost that secret service problems are much bigger than prostitutes. when will @barackobama release his college and law school transcripts? snowboarder skateboarder @shaun white stopped by to visit this week.... wrong!@barackobama capitulated to china by releasing chen guangcheng out of the us embassy china really has our number. the economy will come back but it will not be the same economy. the old economy of the industrial age is cont. the rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months obamacare continues to slow growth and cost jobs. now @barackobama is praising china s cooperation in negotiations over chen guangcheng this is a sad episode for us. we will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget. the democrats haven t passed one in over 3 years. what a joke. congratulations to the @thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the @washcaps. great game last night! fracking will lead to american energy independence. with price of natural gas continuing to drop we can be at a tremendous advantage. photo from yesterday s usga announcement that trump national golf club bedminster will host the 2017 u.s. women s open-. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am... derek jeter is playing phenomenal baseball. he is a total winner--and also a great guy. @derekjeter. mariano rivera yankee pitcher is the greatest ever. get well fast. the new unemployment numbers are terrible. 522000 more people are out of the labor force to 88419000. welcome to the @barackobama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a new 30 year low of 64.3. with today s struggling job numbers it is clear that there is one choice this november. @mittromney can turn the economy around. according to @barackobama the war on terror is over global warming is a national cont. in the 1920 s people were worried about global cooling--it never happened. now it s global warming. give me a break! this sunday s @celebapprentice will shock you! big development...be sure to tune in on @nbc this sunday at 9pm est! i will be live tweeting during tonight s #celebrityapprentice 9 pm et @nbc. could be a fight over red-heads with @lisalampanellithis could be good. #sweepstweet. its clear to me that @teresa giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet. good move by aubrey to be the red-headed model they didnt have. #sweepstweet. im not sure about @teresa giudice as project manager. @lisalampanelli can be formidable. but lets see what happens #sweepstweet. aubrey has a lot of self confidencebut will it be warranted? #sweepstweet. how will the client react? theyve got both elle magazine and chi to please. #sweepstweet. product placement is a definite prerequisite. #sweepstweet. #celebrityapprentice @arsenioofficial trying to be invisible? no way thats going to happen. #sweepstweet. #sweepstweet @donaldjtrumpjr and @erictrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- i wonder where they got that from? #sweepstweet @lisalampanelli wins 100000 for her charity and thats a nice gift. #sweepstweet @teresa giudice definitely fell under @lisalampanelli s negotiation skillsan important business tool. #celebrityapprentice boardroomscan anything be more intense? #sweepstweet. #sweepstweet teresa seems to underestimate the power of observancethat of the client as well as her team- but shes a wonderful person. #sweepstweet @johnrich and @marleematlin were on #celebrityapprenticeand theyre back! #celebrityapprentice its good to have jack back too with @marleematlin. hes become a star. #sweepstweet. i have a feeling the emphasis by @johnrich and @marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised. cont. remember the huge amount of money raised by @johnrich and company #sweepstweet. #sweepstweet @clayaiken might get some use out of the chi touch digital hairdryer. not the same for @arsenioofficial. #sweepstweet @3nvmusic i very much rely on my own take of the situation and people involved. my instincts cont. #celebrityapprentice listening to the advice from @johnrich and @marleematlin adds another insight into the final 4. #sweepstweet. firing @lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise. shes a strong player. but there are no losers at this late point. #sweepstweet. looks like my work here is done bringing a close to the first ever #nbc #sweepstweet.keep watching @apprenticenbc every sunday 9 8c. tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkboxcnbc 7:30 am don t miss it! ultimately trump tower became much more than just another good deal. i work in it i live in it and i have a cont. much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation. #theartofthedeal. my @foxandfriends interview discussing the 9 11 trials at gitmo @mittromney the job numbers and @celebapprentice. watch et tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the met gala! the 9 11 trials at gitmo over the weekend were a disaster. can you imagine how much worse it would be if @barackobama tried them in nyc? glad to hear mariano rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013. he is a true sportsman and a great competitor. the election result in france is very disappointing. the europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover. our economy is at a standstill. some are even predicting a possible double dip. we need to elect @mittromney in november. i had a great time doing press interviews with @lisalampanelli and @teresa giudice earlier today-. no wonder afghanistan is a mess! @barackobama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace. we must keep the pressure on @barackobama s administration to make sure chen comes to the us. it would be a tragedy to abandon him in china. still a buyer s market. home prices are dropping mortgages are low. now is the time to take advantage for your gain. you can t build a reputation on what you re doing to do. great quote by henry ford. what s the primary ingredient for success? passion. you have to love what you re doing or you won t get too far. v.p.....really! vote 4 @mariamenounos & derekhough#01 tonight! she s doing a great job on dancing with the stars #dwts & a good person . 1-800-868-3401. i don t consider writing books a small venture...writing books is essentially a sharing experience. @midastouch @therealkiyosaki. entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus... to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality. #midastouch. 2011 #celebrityapprentice winner @johnrich and @marleematlin interviewed the final four in this week s episode-. my son don will be giving the keynote address at the investment show in sandton south africa on dec. 1. he s an cont. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. some good words from albert einstein. it pays to be tenacious. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the republic of georgia taxes the fledgling economy and facebook. my @gretawire interview discussing the economy unemployment numbers china charles barkleyfrance and the election. joe biden called america the problem vis a vis iran he never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid.@joebiden. gas prices are still too high. we really need to pressure opec to lower the price of oil. georgetown should not host @kathleensebelius for the graduation ceremony. her policies abuse catholics. the polling numbers show a close race. @mittromney needs all of our support. .@cher attacked @mittromney. she is an average talent who is out of touch with reality. like @rosie o donnell a total loser! welcome to the new reality. @barackobama is now letting china buy us banks the us government is selling us out. congratulations to @israelipm @netanyahu on forming his new unity government. a major political success for the jewish state of israel. @charles barclay a friend of mine & a wonderful guy didn t mean to be so nasty to @mittromney. he was just cont. our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates the us manufacturing sector is being cont. who s the flip flopper? @mittromney has never flip flopped on gay marriage. in the uk taxpayers are wasting 24 million on wind farms that don t even operate. they cont. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 a.m. always a great time. watch celebrity apprentice on sunday at 9 pm on nbc--we re winding up for a terrific finale. what a season! selective memory - @barackobama says that he forgets the recession maybe that s why he is forgetting to create jobs. the april jobs report is terrible. if the labor forces didn t shrink under @barackobama then real unemployment cont. procter and gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from cincinnati to asia--what are we doing?! if the press can report stories from @mittromney s dorm years then why can t it find @barackobama s college and law school transcripts? good news. voters give @mittromney the edge over @barackobama on handling the economy according to @gallupnews. terrible. wind farms are provided permits by the us government which causes the programmatic killing of bald eagles. ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot. @andypettitte ratted out his best friend @rogerclemens in a ridiculous trial. not nice! who is rooting for andy p? @cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office. i cont. howard stern will do a great job on @america sgottalent. he s very smart and really gets what talent is. @howardstern. the time magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what time did to get noticed. @time. very resource rich canada our neighbor is looking to china for its growth. just another sad commentary on the u.s. facebook billionaire gives up his u.s. citizenship in order to save taxes. i guess 3.8 billion isn t enough for cont. great quote from the late steve jobs: innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. did @barackobama try to bribe rev. wright with 150k? i am sure the media will be all over this. now china is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us the latest is the philippines very aggressive. mitt romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at liberty university with a wonderful introduction by mark demoss. well done. @mittromney. more than 500 million designated for iraqi army disappeared. where is it? our sad sad country--what have we come to? worired that the usc will strike down obamacare @barackobama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools. don t find fault. find a remedy. --henry ford. i hope mark zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife. otherwise she can walk away with 9 billion. my @gretawire interview discussing @barackobama s misleading political ad @mittromney s response and @cher & @rosie. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing jamie dimon banking regulations and mark zuckerberg s prenuptial. congratulations to my friend @limbaugh on being named to the hall of famous missourians. rush is a great guy & a great character. according to @rasmussenpoll @mittromney has a 12 point advantage over @barackobama on the economy look for it to grow. why won t @barackobama repeal the defense of marriage act if he supports gay marriage? he is gaming the issue. a great ad from @mittromney showing a few of the 23 million unemployed who need economic change take it to him mitt! why the nation s debt keeps growing - a dept of agriculture employee made over 242k with a 63k bonus ridiculous. we should not bail out any of the european countries or banks. under @barackobama the iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown. the final two- @arsenioofficial and @clayaiken- visited yesterday-. glad to see that jamie dimon passed yesterday s shareholder vote. the jp morgan stock holders understand that a good ceo is worth keeping. wrong! under @barackobama s watch @israel is not being invited to nato summit in chicago this month. shock! while attacking @mittromney s private equity experience @barackobama raises 2m from private equity bankers. diligence is the mother of good luck. --benjamin franklin. here s what i told @gretawire on @fox when it comes to singer @cher s inappropriate attacks on @mittromney. @facebook s mark zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy. my advice? get a pre-nup! @realmarkzuck. wapo attack on alleged high school incidents by @mittromney is a hit job to me. where are @barackobama s high school and college records? the best vision is insight. --malcolm forbes. under mayor @mikebloomberg and police commissioner @ray kelly all violent crime in nyc is down dramatically. that s leadership. mitt romney matches sitting president in fundraising for april--not an easy thing to do. bad news for cont. donna summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed. @thedonnasummer. seems hard to believe that @facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest. and mark zuckerberg--get a pre-nup. reckless! why is @barackobama wasting over 70 billion on climate change activities? will he ever learn? let s take a closer look at that birth certificate. @barackobama was described in 2003 as being born in kenya. sure--@barackobama s literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a mistake pretty convenient. time warner cable went out on 5th avenue for 2 plus days. they are a disaster. i think i m going to switch. #celebrityapprentice who will win? find out tonight- live season finale at 9pm et on nbc. the @yankees must re-negotiate @arod s contract. he is not the same player without drugs. congratulations to @davidwright of the #mets. what a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting. also a fantastic guy. america has lost its aaa rating and gained over 6t in debt under @barackobama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--scary! will smith did a great job by smacking the guy reporter who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event. cont. mr. pesident @barackobama you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy! rev. wright called @barackobama on tape a liar. why isn t this being looked into? it would be a great commercial for the republicans. rapper @macmiller s song donald trump now has 57 million hits--- i created another star--- where s my cut? president obama s literary agent in 1991 promoted a book about the first african-american president of the cont. i loved walter cronkite one of the all time greats. he couldn t stand dan rather--i agree with walter. @danratherreport. in today s #trumpvlog i talk about how well will smith handled the situation with the reporter-. who would you like to see on next season of #celebrityapprentice? let us know- everyone wants to be on it. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why i don t own facebook stock and running a tough campaign against @barackobama. i am a registered republican. with @mittromney as the nominee we can defeat @barackobama. hmmm...can you imagine me speaking at the rnc convention in tampa? that s a speech everyone would watch. glad to see that sacha baron cohen s new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office. he is talentless. @sacha b cohen. china is now given preference to buy us debt by going directly to treasury. i don t believe @barackobama knows that he selling us out. the republicans should use everything against @barackobama--just as @barackobama is going to use everything cont. i wonder if @barackobama ever applied to occidental columbia or harvard as a foreign student. when can we see cont. i ll be on piers morgan tonight this evening 9 pm on cnn. be sure to tune in. @pierstonight. the @barackobama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations. a segment from last night s @piersmorgan interview discussing @corybooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign. a bite from last night s @piersmorgan interview discussing rev. wright s ed klein interview and the 2012 campaign. obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals. -- henry ford. disaster! the @barackobama tax hikes set for 2013 are going to throw us back into a recession according to the cbo. the storied success of bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason @mittromney will be a great potus. capitalism doesn t guarantee success only a chance to succeed. the community organizer @barackobama doesn t cont. welcome to twitter @melaniatrump! interesting.@barackobama s 1981 transfer class to columbia declined in quality according to the columbia spectator. obamacare s tax credit is underperforming by over 95 creating an even bigger cost to the debt it must be repealed! what a series the @nyrangers @nhldevils is turning out to be! tonight s game should be another close one. lolo jones our beautiful olympic athlete wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great. @followlolo. cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars. great management team--congratulations! @cadillac. josh brolin a friend of mine was terrific in men in black. congrats! do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ralph waldo emerson. my @newsmax media interview discussing opec us gas resources @mittromney and running a campaign against @barackobama. egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was. they will soon be very strongly against israel. thanks president obama. @barackobama. why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the government? seems excessive. pictures of @melaniatrump and me from the men in black iii premiere in new york city we loved the movie! dine with the donald and mitt:. hypocrite! long before @barackobama called the tea party teabaggers he dressed as a revolutionary in a hyde park rally. attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- winston churchill. george will may be the dumbest and most overrated political commentator of all time. if the republicans listen to him they will lose. .@barackobama is practically begging @mittromney to disavow the place of birth movement he is afraid of it and cont. losers such as george will and @rosie use me to get publicity for themselves. they are strictly third rate. i am very excited about hosting @mittromney today for a fundraiser. looking forward to seeing @newtgingrich and many other friends. in 08 @barackobama said that bush adding 4t to the debt was unpatriotic. @barackobama has already added 6t. now @barackobama has decided there are 5 million palestinian refugees he always goes against @israel s interest. unsustainable- @barackobama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24 during his term he loves debt. so @barackobama will attack @mittromney s career at bain capital but won t return donations from bain executives. the greatest commodity to own is land. it is finite. god is not making any more of it. for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. aristotle. pres @barackobama expects @mittromney to play nice like @senjohnmccain--it s not going to happen & the result is going to be much different. perhaps @barackobama s biggest shortcoming as president is he failed to unite the country. reverend wright was dumped like a dog by @barackobama--he can t be feeling too good. it s amazing how celebrities such as @cher can say horrible untrue things about republican politicians and it s cont. i want to see @barackobama s college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application. what could be better than dinner with @mittromney and me? rush is right. @limbaugh and i have both created more jobs than @barackobama...in fact far more jobs! in his own words @barackobama was born in kenya and raised in indonesia and hawaii. this statement was made cont. everybody is raving about the trump home mattress by @sertamattresses. if you are looking for a mattress go buy cont. now chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue us soldiers china loves to cheat! scary--america would have had to pay all its gdp to the government to cover @barackobama s real 2011 budget deficit. my @cnn interview with @wolfblitzercnn where i discuss @barackobama s birth certificate and why @cnn has low ratings. my @gretawire interview discussing my @mittromney fundraiser in trump int l hotel las vegas and the state of the cont. the @barackobama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of john mccain being nice & respectful. i ll bet john cont. george will was pushing for @jonhuntsman for the gop nomination in december...said he was going to win. cont. george will was critical of @mittromney throughout the primary. maybe it is because his wife was turned down for cont. the @mittromney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success. how ironic that @barackobama s campaign would call me a charlatan. have they looked at their boss s record? it was an honor to be with @mittromney the night he clinched the nomination. he will defeat @barackobama and be a tremendous potus. so @reuterspolitics claims that @mittromney s birth certificate evokes controversy where cont. commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the euro crisis. the golden rule for every businessman is this: put yourself in your customer s place. --orison swett marden. china and saudi arabia recently struck a deal which is the largest expansion by any oil company in the world cont. looking forward to meeting everyone at the north carolina gop this friday where i will be the keynote speaker at the dinner. #gop. dine with the donald and mitt. when will @davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool s errand trying to defend @barackobama s ineptitude? does anyone believe that @barackobama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet? q1 gdp has just been revised down to 1.9 the economy is in deep trouble. pathetic! since @govwalker is going to win the recall @barackobama is trying to disown the endorsement of tom barrett. us job cuts jumped 53 in may from april this is the obama recovery? the difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength not a lack of knowledge but cont. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am...be sure to tune in. unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down. thank you to the @nydailynews for a very nice story-. see you tonight in north carolina. making keynote for the republican party- will be fun. bay bridge in california made in china for 1.8 billion. 300 million in cost overruns. are we stupid? the @missusa 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at trump tower in new york city-. @melaniatrump s interview on @foxandfriends discussing her beautiful jewelry linemy son barron and the 2012 campaign. over 1t in annual deficit spending and adding over 6t to the debt for what? may jobless numbers are horrendous. the great obama recovery. tune in sunday june 3 to nbc at 9pm et for the 2012 miss usa competition coming from planet hollywood resort & casino in las vegas. pres. bill clinton 5.31.12: @mittromney had a sterling business career. now @barackobama is telling donors he will need to revisit healthcare in his 2nd term. what a foolish move by @davidaxelrod to speak in boston yesterday! completely outmaneuvered by the @mittromney campaign. waste! the cbo now estimates that @barackobama s stimulus cost 831b and a ridicuous 4.1m per job created. now the @barackobama campaign is fundraising off of me. i should get a tax rebate! sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. --paul tournier. almost all reporters falsely report that i had a bad time at last year s white house correspondents dinner. cont. the stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers. the @missusa 2012 contestants standing outside of trump tower in new york city- @missusa 2012 tomorrow at 9pm et nbc. i am in las vegas for the @missusa 2012 pageant. watch live tonight on @nbc at 9pm et. i had a fun time doing the #callmemaybe video featuring the @missusa contestants @bravoandy and @giulianarancic-. watch #missusa 2012 live tonight on @nbc at 9pm est! i had fun appearing in the video for carly rae jepsen s #callmemaybe for #missusa 2012-. trump tuesday @squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:30 am tune in! sooner or later those who win are those who think they can. --paul tournier. congratulations to miss rhode island on winning the miss usa contest. she did an amazing job. my @foxandfriends interview discussing #missusa olivia culpo the job numbers & the waste of the obama stimulus. i had a wonderful meeting with likud deputy speaker of the knesset @dannydanon this past friday in trump tower #israel. welcome to the new reality-- be careful. retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders. the real war on women. under @barackobama 766000 more women are unemployed from when he took office. in some ways it is sad. we all wanted @barackobama to succeed. it s not worked out that way. now that china s own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in cont. my @squawkcnbc interview. just cancelled my subscription to @usatoday. boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune. founder cont. trump vineyard estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions. watch the video for a look-. we have all been following the wisconsin recall election. @scottkwalker s victory tonight will be well-earned. a governor who gets results. what a foolish statement by @davidaxelrod - he said that a @marcorubio vp pick would insult hispanics. while @barackobama spends recklessly on domestic projects he is hollowing out our military with over 487b in cuts. a market is never saturated with a good product but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one. -- henry ford. china s best friend @barackobama wants to cut the us fleet down to 230 ships the lowest level since wwi. it was @barackobama who promised if you like your plan you can keep your plan. now obamacare is causing cont. congratulations to @scottkwalker of wisconsin--a great victory. a smart and tough guy. great going. obama was very disloyal to wisconsin democrats. @barackobama never showed up to help them even though he cont. .@melaniatrump on @qvc tonight at 7pm est. tune in! is roger simon @politicoroger ever right about anything? now he s attacking @billclinton in defense of cont. .@billclinton was very nice to me as i am to him on the piers morgan show cnn . he is loyal to his friends. @piersmorgan. the miss usa pageant #missusa was a big ratings hit for @nbc--nbc won the evening. thank you donald. china s new and advanced currency manipulation is killing the u.s. help! the results are in. i killed wolf blitzer in our debate. i like wolf but he went for an ambush! #wolfblitzercnn. why is @barackobama spending millions to try and hide his records? he is the least transparent president--ever--and he ran on transparency. .@mittromney and i are working out a great dinner for someone- i hope it s you! while i own properties across the world i am very excited about my new acquisition of @doral in miami. cont. it s good to see that @flgovscott is protecting the sanctity of this november s elections voter fraud must be broken. how foolish did @davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why @barackobama accepts donations from bain? greece s financial calamity should serve as a warning. @barackobama s massive deficit spending is unsustainable. shock--even more @barackobama solar corruption. @vpbiden s chief of staff s firm got biggest doe loan. take a tour of this amazing penthouse in trump park avenue.... small businesses will have an ally in the white house with @mittromney. mitt gave a great interview yesterday. he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. -- sun tzu. this is a tragedy. the real unemployment rate is 14.8 with over 23.2 million unemployed americans. we can do much better. now @barackobama is telling @mittromney how to control his own assets. obama is consumed by class warfare. typical--@barackobama s press secretary deflects any criticism of obama s constant celebrity visits by attacking me. my great honor. too bad i ll have another out of belmont stakes- interest now way down. beautiful @missusa in @newyorkpost tomorrow as audrey hepburn in front of tiffany s. miss pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of miss usa olivia culpo. accounting firm ernst & young and the celebrity judges are insulted by miss pennsylvania s made up pr. thanks to @therealmarilu a great woman for her wonderful defense of the miss usa pageant. miss florida was great in her denial of miss pennsylvania s phoney statements. she blows miss pennsylvania away- a different league . .@mannypacquiao was robbed in his title fight on saturday night. no wonder boxing is dying. bring back the 15 round fights. with almost 1.3 million followers and rising really fast everyone is asking me to critique things and people . finally i will be a critic. donald trump song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy! last friday s gaffe by @barackobama claiming that the private sector is doing fine is illustrative.everything to him revolves around gov t. china has copied our military s f-22 raptor design we should offset their theft from our debt. waste--hud is spending 70m to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants does it get any dumber? the justice department s investigation into the national security leaks is not independent. this is a very grave situation. trump tuesday--@squawkcnbc tomorrow at 7:38 am. don jr. will present the keynote address in south africa on dec. 1st @theinvestshow. the entrepreneur builds an enterprise the technician builds a job. --michael gerber. sadly it took a hit & run auto accident to make us aware of who our secretary of commerce is--and such an important position! my @gretawire interview discussing @billlmaher s comments attacks on @mittromney and @cnn & @msnbctv s low ratings. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing jamie dimon the doral miami purchase opec s output & @pgatour open. as one of miamii s largest landowners i am pulling for the @miamiheat in the @nba finals. lebron s time is now! @kingjames. the @timestribune - @erictrump: eyes are on northeast pa. with gas development. don t believe the media stories. opec and the saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs. oil should be 30 barrel. welcome to the new reality. goldman sachs just based their new asia pacific chairman not in tokyo but beijing. .@mittromney is 100 right. the us supreme court should do the right thing & overturn obamacare or the country cont. scary--americans private wealth fell 40 from 2007-2010 but @barackobama thinks the private economy is doing fine. sad.@barackobama has already exempted major oil importers on iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with china. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. --winston churchill. good--@flgovscott is suing the federal government so he can protect the voter rolls florida must be a legal election. the euro put in place to hurt the u.s. is done! -- will have less negative impact than most think. biden @vp spends 1 million annually for weekend trips. my @ingrahamangle interview discussing @jebbush s comments a united 2012 gop #celebapprentice & trump#miss universe. good news--@mittromney is now leading in north carolina according to @ppppolls. the nc gop is united after their cont. once again @cher tweets nonsense about @mittromney. she needs to stop tweeting & start worrying about some of her many problems. thanks to @barackobama rejecting the keystone xl pipeline china has become canada s biggest oil consumer. china is laughing at us! the @mittromney healthcare plan post obamacare relies on consumer choices with more options the perfect remedy! china s currency manipulation is one of our nation s greatest sovereign threats. the yuan has appreciated 40 against our dollar since 2005. scary- 6t in debt and 1t annual budget deficits later @barackobama is asking for more time to fix the economy. the one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer s market. this is the time to buy! the measure of who we are is what we do with what we have. --vince lombardi. today is my birthday. my wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again. today both @barackobama and @mittromney are giving speeches on their economic policies in ohio. the choice is cont. shocking--over 92 of france--who just elected a socialist for its new pm--want @barackobama re-elected. watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-. failure--for all of @barackobama s talk of engaging the world u.s. favorability has dropped around the world. i don t believe in government picking winners or in the case of @barackobama picking losers --@mittromney. great players in sports make the game fun to watch. @derekjeter has continued to impress with another amazing season. absolute professional. leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. --dwight d. eisenhower. i wonder when we will be able to see @barackobama s college and law school applications and transcripts. why the long wait? now is the time for the @gop to be united with the mission of electing @mittromney this november. stop with the public divisions. today s announcement by @barackobama on immigration was done for reelection. he is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool. the u.s. needs to protect our intelligence assets especially in china. if the chinese want to spy on us then we need to return the favor. things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. -- john wooden. win a dinner with @mittromney and me in new york this june 28th. it s selling like hotcakes! i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. always interesting. tune in! before you are a leader success is all about growing yourself. when you become a leader success is all about growing others. -jack welch. i don t mind that @barackobama plays a lot of golf. i just wish he used it productively to make deals with congress! on friday @vpbiden said that china has better cities and airports than the us. well what has @barackobama done about it the last 3 years?! my @squawkcnbc interview re: europe s financial mess investing in spain germany s economy and the future of the euro. now even @barackobama s old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election. he has embarrassed them. congrats to roger clemens he showed great courage. this case never should have been brought to trial. andy pettitte did the right thing. now the chinese are planning a war game w the iranianssyrians & russians along syrian coast. laughing at @barackobama. putin has no respect for our president --- really bad body language. congratulations to @arsenioofficial on his new late night show! he will do really well. it pays to win #celebrityapprentice. .@macmiller s donald trump just hit 60 million hits. maybe i should go into a new business. now is the time to buy housing before values have fully recovered. in 5 years remember i told you so. the amateur! first @barackobama was caught bowing to the saudi king but now the president of mexico! yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the @barackobama administration. corrupt--with the national security leaks and fast & furious there are clearly at least two cover ups in @barackobama s white house. shock - @barackobama s people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at @mittromney events. the usc should be ruling any day now on @obamacare. hopefully we will get the right result. i look forward to playing golf with president @barackobama someday. rape is a huge problem in the u.s. military. over 19000 rapes last year. the new @darknightrises trailer is fantastic trump tower stood in for wayne enterprises during filming. the @barackobama campaign took in 39m in may but spent 44.6m. sound familiar! sad--just 16 of american parents think their children will be better off than them we can do much better! opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work. - thomas edison. good messaging and staying on point. @mittromney called @barackobama anti-investment anti-business anti-jobs. congrats to @miamiheat on winning @nba championship. @mickyarison is a tremendous owner & has done wonders for cont. u.s. tuitions are completely out of control. in the last 4 years the average price has gone up by 15 . unsustainable! moody s is out to make publicity. the bank downgrades from yesterday don t make up for @moody s giving aaa cont. the 9b that @barackobama spent in stimulus for solar wind projects created 910 total jobs costing 9.8m each. watch the wh spokesman try to spin @barackobama s rationale for using exec. priv. on fast & furious. many democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the dnc convention in charlotte smart politics! sometimes there is justice. a chinese military newspaper was hacked. wind power is proving to be very costly and unsightly. an insightful article on @barackobama. tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am. my @foxandfriends interview re: muslim brotherhood taking over egypt our vast natural gas resources & us tax system. the islamists have won. just as i predicted the muslim brotherhood has taken over egypt. @barackobama never should have abandoned mubarek. what a statesman! @barackobama made sure to quickly call the muslim brotherhood victor to congratulate him on cont. another broken promise by @barackobama: @obamacare actually increases income inequality it must be fully repealed! i am glad america is starting to get to know @mittromney the way i know him. a wonderful & decent family man cont. outrageous- @barackobama has spent over 2.7b on implementing @obamacare since the oral arguments at scotus. empty pockets never held anyone back. only empty heads and empty hearts can do that. -- norman vincent peale. shock - @barackobama s dnc convention has a 27m deficit and events are starting to be canceled. welcome to the new egypt muslim brotherhood representatives who won t take questions from israeli journalists. scary--now china s development bank is looking to buy u.s. homes and developments they will own our country soon. experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first the lesson afterwards. --vernon sanders law. unemployment has been over 8 for a record 40 straight months. @mittromney s election will end the @barackobama downturn. a lion s list of democrats are not attending @barackobama s dnc convention. the democratic party is in turmoil. who s the outsourcer? @barackobama s campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in china and india. the fed s actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future. that would be cont. it is terrible that @barackobama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks. no accountability. the secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. --benjamin disraeli. preliminary talks have begun for next season s #celebrityapprentice. as usual we will have another great season. wow the supreme court passed @obamacare. i guess @justiceroberts wanted to be a part of georgetown society more than anyone knew. the usc made a terrible decision today. how can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a government tax?! remember this---@barackobama told @gstephanopoulos in 09 that it is not true that the individual mandate is a tax. #fullrepeal: stopping obamacare is now up to the american people. we must elect @mittromney this november. a list from @heritage: top 10 most expensive obamacare taxes and fees. obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine. we must all focus now on electing @mittromney this november. wind farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems. justice roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from cont. justice roberts did the republican party and @mittromney a great favor. he essentially said obamacare is a tax cont. it seems that justice scalia originally wrote the majority on obamacare and roberts then switched his position. had a great time with @mittromney last night. he is focused and ready for the battle ahead. lots of money was raised. interesting that roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when cont. justice kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles in light of justice roberts bullshit! great news--here comes the tea party! @mittromney has received 42k donations online & raised over 4.2 million since the obamacare decision. obamacare has 21 tax hikes there s now only one solution--defeat @barackobama this november! #gomitt. friends of mine who are driving cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job @cadillac has done. interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate. a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --general douglas macarthur. tomorrow is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am. tune in! my @foxandfriends interview discussing obamacare the romney-trump fundraiser & my plans for jones beach. wrong: a china court ordered @apple to pay 60m to a chinese company that registered ipad before @apple. china court: apple pays 60m to settle ipad case. china is getting away with murder. dangerous--the usc obamacare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity. don t believe @barackobama s whining--pro-romney superpac spending is on par with pro-obama superpac. david wright of the ny mets should have been on the 1st team all stars. he s having a great year. happy to have just passed 1.3m twitter followers. love communicating with everyone daily. why is @barackobama continuing to lie? has found that @mittromney did not ship jobs overseas. is it legal for @barackobama to make campaign donor calls from air force one? obama is always fundraising on our dime. the brunt of obamacare will be shouldered by folks making under 120k. great poll numbers for @mittromney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states. i believe @barackobama made a deal with the saudis to increase oil production until after the election. then cont. tomorrow we celebrate independence day america s 236th birthday. here is america s actual birth certificate. con ed has won its suit against the ground zero mosque developers the mosque is never going up. degenerate former congressman anthony weiner is trying to make a comeback. he is a sick & perverted man that new york does not want or need. wow--such sacrfices for his re-election. @barackobama will not vacation in martha s vineyard this summer. just as i predicted @barackobama is preparing a possible attack on iran right before november. hypocrite! in 06 @barackobama called private equity the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality. via @ap s: obamacare is a tax @barackobama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class. shameful! welcome to @barackobama s america - 8.74 million workers on federal disability where are the jobs?! we must never bend too much. -- yitzhak shamir 1915-2012. i don t care what people say i like tom cruise. he works his ass off and never ever quits. he s one of the few true movie stars. may jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8.2 . @barackobama s economy is a disaster new numbers tomorrow. today @barackobama is in ohio on a bus tour. tomorrow pennsylvania. how about actually running the country? when will pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to osama bin laden for 6 years?! some ally. john roberts arrived in malta yesterday. maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there. never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. f. scott fitzgerald. job numbers today--- terrible! so what else is new? as i anticipated justice roberts made the cover of time magazine etc. the liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed. keep an eye on anthony weiner. weasels are hard to get rid of. hope and change? job numbers down. time for @mittromney. a great 4th of july! america a great country who s brightest days with wise leadership lie ahead. when true golfers see what i do at doral it will be the hottest club in the country. #sayfie #newsmax. gotta hand it to @ivankatrump she loved doral from the time we looked at it. the trump-doral will be an icon. #sayfie #newsmax. my family and i just arrived in scotland for the grand opening of trump international golf links scotland-. i am truly honored to have been chosen statesman of the year by the republican party of sarasota county. the cont. i m in scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it s amazing. president obama wants @mittromney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when @barackobama reveals his college applications. .@mittromney should not give any other further information until @barackobama releases the things that everyone wants to see----. why is @barackobama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority? this is the latest. the u-6 unemployment rate is over 14.9 . obamacare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding. the liberal media is focusing on @mittromney s bank records. how about reviewing @barackobama s illegal land deal contracts with tony rezko? everyone is talking about how trump tower is the exterior for wayne enterprises in dark knight rises---it s true. congrats to @barackobama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8 unemployment while accruing over 6t cont. however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results. -- winston churchill. what a coincidence?! @barackobama s campaign logo uses the same font as cuban communist propaganda posters. how can @barackobama invoke richard nixon against @mittromney when obama just used executive privilege on fast & furious?! great article in the @guardian -- donald trump opens 100m golf course. chris ruddy is always on point: trump opens greatest golf course in the world via @newsmax media. via @afp: trump tees off on new golf course in scotland. great to see tony la russa manage one last game last night. congratulations to the national league on winning the @mlb all-star game. nice interview in the @the atlantic of sarasota gop chair joe gruters on my 2012 statesman of the year award. today @mittromney addressed the naacp. @barackobama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high black unemployment. there s no bigger name in america than donald trump political or nonpolitical. --sarasota gop chair joe gruters. very strange--why do database records contradict @barackobama and show he was only at columbia 1 year? almost daily more discrepancies in @barackobama s biography continue to arise. who is this guy? even the left realizes that @barackobama s policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country. .@barackobama reported over 269710 of foreign income out of his gross 894520 and paid 5841 in foreign taxes. have we ever had a potus before @barackobama who earned over 1 3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country? if you don t have passion everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or at best be mediocre. is that how cont. what lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. --ralph waldo emerson. back in ny from scotland and fighting for our country to get better. trump international golf links scotland opened to rave reviews. free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility economic security and the expansion of the middle class. - @mittromney. seth meyers was terrible co-hosting with kelly. marbles in his mouth-& he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great regis philbin! i wonder why @barackobama is not going to the naacp convention. is it because he can t answer questions about 14.7 black unemployment? america s olympic uniforms are manufactured in china. burn the uniforms!#u.s.olympiccommittee. nasty tactics being used by @barackobama campaign against @mittromney. must stop saying obama is a nice man--he is not! .@barackobama wants to see 10 yrs of @mittromney s tax returns--tell him ok--but we want to see your college applications first. think of it---20 of our country is essentially unemployed. don t believe the lies--every budget @barackobama has delivered to congress raises the income tax on everyone. .@barackobama should release all his records like other presidents .... a true honor. @presssec considers asking for @barackobama s college transcripts a donald trump question. release it! penn state is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close.they should be ashamed for hiding sandusky s crimes all these years... the football program at penn state should be suspended. in his entire political career @barackobama has never had a tough @gop opponent before @mittromney. he is a paper tiger. #gomitt. for america to be great again we must have a president who has been successful and americans can learn from on how to succeed. my friend @theslystallone lost his wonderful son sage this weekend. we all send sly our love and warmest wishes. cont. wife huma wants @repweiner to pull a @billclinton by giving a tell-all interview. unlike clinton anthony is a sick puppy. a drug free a-rod is just an average baseball player.@yankees will soon move him down in the batting order & should renegotiate his contract. my @foxandfriends interview discussing how @barackobama should release his college applications & records. bain did not list @mittromney as an executive on its website in 2000 @barackobama s saul alinsky tactics won t work! what controversy? 2 active @barackobama supporters at bain have confirmed that @mittromney left in 99 no story here. i hope @official1mcd is recuperating well in la. get better! @omarosa. congratulations to @flgovscott on winning access to federal database he is making fl a safe & legal election for 2012. he has no respect for american exceptionalism. @barackobama has outsourced our space program to the russians. so much for hope and change. @barackobama has already spent over 100m on attack ads across the swing states. the supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. -- sun tzu. outrageous--@barackobama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform he doesn t believe in a strong work ethic. i wonder what the answer is on @barackobama s college application to the question: place of birth? maybe the cont. if @barackobama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn t he want to show it? .@barackobama s college application would be very very very very interesting! i hope @mittromney now starts asking for any & all of @barackobama s sealed records--it s time. remember how @obamacare did not have any tort reform? now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits. my review of #thedarkknightrises and more in today s #trumpvlog-. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing why the fed shouldn t do a qe3 @barackobama s college records & 2012 election. my interview in @politico with @pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 statesman of the year by sarasota gop. .@mittromney needs to make @barackobama regret that he ever asked for his tax records. when will we see @barackobama s passport records sealed ? why would @barackobama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide? for the sake of transparency @barackobama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from occidental and columbia. congratulations to john roberts for making americans hate the supreme court because of his bs. according to a @gallupnews poll over 60 think obamacare will make things worse for taxpayers obamacare is a t-a-x. watch @barackobama admit obamacare is a tax the gop must continue to disrupt dismantle & repeal! #baracktax quote: if you have health insurance you re not getting hit with a tax. weird--why did barackobama sr. fail to list @barackobama as his son in his 1961 ins application? dark knight rises is projected to gross over 180 million this weekend. remember to watch for trump tower! the class warfare being played by @barackobama is the only way he can get reelected. he can t have america focus on his horrendous record. on the red carpet at the nyc premiere of dark knight rises with @melaniatrump via @newyorkobserver s @velvet roper. @newyorkpost s cindy adams has a great report on the dark knight rises premiere. congratulations to @realsheriffjoe on his successful cold case posse investigation which claims @barackobama s birth certificate is fake. why does hi revised statute 338-17.8 allow an hi resident who doesn t have to be us citizen to procure an official hawaii birth certificate? so @barackobama s campaign is calling @mittromney a potential criminal how about obama s tony rezko land deal! as i always said the birthers were after the truth. thanks to @realsheriffjoe @barackobama can t hide anymore. happy 94th birthday to nelson mandela! what s more important for the american public to have? @mittromney s tax returns or @barackobama s sealed records? what recovery? jp morgan has readjusted q2 growth down from 1.7 to 1.4 and q3 to 1.5 with 2012 on a whole at 1.7. john sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- @barackobama indeed needs to learn how to be an american. so @barackobama is celebrating his birthday with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of rezko. the new @barackobama motto - you own nothing not even your own success ... cowards die many times before their actual deaths. --caesar. taking a photo with my family on the opening day of trump international golf links scotland-. columbia university stated there was a computer error in their system concerning @barackobama s attendance. cont. show me someone without an ego and i ll show you a loser. --how to get rich. corrupt--@barackobama s largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the obama solyndra boondoggle chicago cronyism. my @seanhannity interview where i discuss @barackobama s job council @realsheriffjoe s investigation & 2012 election. since @barackobama is on such a transparency kick--how about releasing fast & furious info to brian terry s family? great new campaign ad just released by @mittromney. via @breitbartfeed--why doesn t @barackobama release his original book proposal which says he was born in kenya? in 1999 @barackobama said that he didn t support welfare reform he just gutted the entire program. i hope bill clinton and newsmax s chris ruddy are enjoying their mission to africa. two great people. great article--a must read by peter ferrara at @forbes about the biggest government spender in world history. more thrown away - @barackobama gave 20m to amonix and praised its success in 10. it just filed for bankruptcy. irresponsible! in the last 6 months @barackobama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his job council. .@barackobama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged while factory activity is cont. breitbart gets it! vote now--obama should release his college application records & grades. he says he loves cont. some really dumb blogger for failing @vanityfair a magazine whose ads are down almost 18 this year said i wear a hairpiece --- i don t! at least 12 dead and 50 wounded in colorado--bring back fast trials & death penalty for mass murderers & terrorists. breitbart gets it! vote now--@barackobama should release his college application records and grades. he says he cont. i am impressed with the scam @barackobama pulled but the truth will come out. bay bridge in san fransisco built in china keeps getting worse. cost overruns are out of control --- china is having a field day with us! with @barackobama listing himself as born in kenya in 1999 hi laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate. #scam. i ll be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7:30 am. tune in! my @cnbcclosingbell interview discussing america s financial uncertainty due to @barackobama and the job report. weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365000. manufacturing sector is suffering badly. we must do better. must read article in @washtimes: @realsheriffjoe probe could dwarf watergate. with 15 us real unemployment and a 16t debt @michelle obama s luxurious aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over 1m. the nypd has been doing a fantastic job protecting nyc. i hope chief ray kelly is strongly considering running for mayor. who else could take 16 vacations play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as cont. foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with @mittromney to warn that we are viewed as in decline. under @mittromney bain had an 80 success rate with annual returns of over 50 . under @barackobama america has added over 6t in debt. hypocrite--@barackobama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas. jay carney won t answer reporters questions of why obama won t release his college transcripts - come on jay! shock--hugo chavez endorses @barackobama will he be in chicago on election night too? read this--@barackobama s birth certificate cannot survive judicial scrutiny because of phantom numbers. fast trial and death penalty for maniac in colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation. sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. the art of the deal. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing housing prices the gdp numbers china spreading its wealth and my stock picks. from: @newsmax media: @realdonaldtrump: public not worried about @mittromney s tax returns. .@thehill discussing my @foxandfriends interview: trump: clamor for @mittromney s tax returns has died down. big--@mittromney is preferred to handle the economy over @barackobama by 63 -29 in a @gallupnews poll. china s domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing china to rip us off. which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency? at least @barackobama is consistent. .@penn state leadership has permanently scarred & perhaps destroyed a great university. they should have cont. the @yankees acquisition of ichiro was a smart move. i look forward to watching him play. i can t stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer s residential market.try to buy directly from a bank. delusional--@barackobama claims that his economic plan worked is the 16 real unemployment part of the plan? twitter is on @barackobama s enemies list. remember when @barackobama promised you could keep your coverage? study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care. congratulations to @barackobama--he is the first potus to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term! us gov t is on the hook for more than a third of the world s entire debt & we wonder why china & opec are laughing all the way to the bank! hope & change--since @barackobama has taken office the us debt has increased by an average of 64k per taxpayer. amazing how fast all of joe paterno s friends abandoned him. they ran for the hills. by folding penn state leadership made things worse. the deal is ridiculous & punishes the wrong people. i hope the alumni sue to overturn. the federal government has 2.7t in assets & 17.5t in total liabilities plus another 4.7t in intergovernmental debt. have a nice day. the audacity of @barackobama--the federal reserve purchased 61 of all debt issued by treasury in 2011. killing our children s future. price of corn has jumped over 50 . this will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we ve ever seen. nasty for the economy. i am confident when american public gets to know @mittromney the race will go his way. he s honorable & successful man--polls looking good. good news - @rasmussenpoll has @mittromney beating @barackobama 49 -44 obama was up by 5 at same point in 08. what a nice guy - 97 of @barackobama s campaign ads have been negative attacks on @mittromney give it back mitt! the @nyjets are going to have a terrific season. @mark sanchez & @timtebow will do great things on the field. why has @barackobama allowed the muslim brotherhood to visit the @whitehouse? what hope & change! there is no substitute for hard work. --thomas edison. smart move by the democrats to have pres. @billclinton play a key role in their convention. the difference between @mittromney and @barackobama s campaign promises to @israel is that mitt will actually keep all of his. .@barackobama bowed to the saudi king in public--yet the dems are questioning @mittromney s diplomatic skills. .@barackobama should be careful questioning @mittromney on diplomacy--how many times has obama apologized for our country on foreign soil?! the us gdp in 2010 was 4.1 down to 2 in 2011 & now 1.5 . i guess @barackobama s plan is not working! the chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores. only one of many grievances--we should act. not only does obamacare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall. reckless--@barackobama is projecting 1.2t deficit from 2012 budget & a projected 25.4t debt in a decade. .@barackobama blocked keystone. now china is preparing a massive 1.5b oil deal with canada. a terrible deal for us! my @squawkcnbc interview discussing 2012 election polls @mittromney s current trip & the us housing & land market. great job to missy franklin. she s got a smile that can take over the world. she s also a major talent. great going missy! the polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will americans ultimately want their leaders to be likeable or competent ? great to see @mittromney being well-received in poland the poles understand the value of freedom through strength. another example of @barackobama s diplomatic triumphs--he gave the queen of england an iipod filled with his speeches. in 08 @barackobama called jerusalem israel s capital now he attacks @mittromney on jerusalem. attended last night s @yankees game--derek jeter is both a great player and a great guy. more waste fraud and abuse - over 460m in food stamps went to ineligible households where s the accountability? enjoying the olympics. great coverage by @nbc as well. go team usa! you pick it! #1. anybody that says anything derogatory about @barackobama is labeled stupid insane or cont. no member of congress should be eligible for re-election if our country s budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed! consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak june numbers. @barackobama s policies have created a climate cont. control your own destiny or someone else will. -- @jack welch. .@michaelphelps--you are the greatest olympic champion of them all. fantastic job! the american gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead. donald trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in november. -- @newsmax media s cover the trump effect. new @mittromney tv ad dream - for these small businesses hope and change was not so kind: #tcot. good article: what happened to american men from @newsmax by michael cohen. ohio senator @robportman: @mittromney knows how to return prosperity: #mitt2012 #tcot. .@mittromney op-ed culture does matter :. now @barackobama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in november. the deficits under @barackobama are the highest in america s history. why is he bankrupting our country? congratulations to @tedcruz on his texas primary victory last night. he will be an outstanding senator. @taylorswift13 thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic! jobless claims rose yet again last week @barackobama s economic record is abysmal--we can do much better. the u.s. manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under @barackobama. he has stood idle while china steals our jobs. more lies and deceptions--@barackobama is having his ex-staffers write independent studies for his reelection. so generous and pious! after spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel @barackobama donated to himself. capital isn t scarce vision is. --sam walton. in 08 @barackobama hit bush for secrecy when will obama release all his sealed college records?! we need a president who understands the economy - @gallupnews has us unemployment at 8.2 in july up from 8 in june. make sure to grab your copy of this month s @newsmax media detailing the trump effect. good--@marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on olympic medals our athletes should not be taxed on their wins. great new ad from @cmteforisrael: next year...president @mittromney in jerusalem the capital of israel. us interest payments on the debt have already passed 375b this year china is laughing at us---as usual. new job numbers once again show no growth or recovery. unemployment has been over 8 for 41 straight months--now up to 8.3. over 150000 more of our fellow americans dropped out of the workforce in july. @barackobama is a disaster! congratulations to gabby douglas on winning the gold for the usa in gymnastics. she is terrific! congratulations to @michaelphelps on concluding the greatest olympic career ever. you have made us all very proud. our athletes in the olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world. makes us proud to be americans. china s olympic training program is abusive it is modern day slavery & shameful. their cont. an extremely credible source has called my office & told me that @barackobama applied to occidental as a foreign student--think about it! an extremely credible source has called my office and told me that @barackobama s birth certificate is a fraud. an extremely credible source has called my office and told me that @barackobama bought his house with the help of tony rezko. failure defeats losers failure inspires winners. -- robert t. kiyosaki@therealkiyosaki. .@mittromney will create 2 million new jobs if elected potus. if reelected @barackobama will create over 12t in new debt. easy choice. wrong--@barackobama s 08 campaign manager & current senior wh advisor collected 100g fee from iranian affiliate. convenient - david plouffe collected 100g fee from iranian affiliate only a month before joining @whitehouse. the fed should not do another stimulus. we can t keep spending our children s future away on waste. the senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about @mittromney s taxes. congratulations to @barackobama--yesterday marked the 1 yr anniversary of our country s credit being downgraded. the real war on women--over 175000 fewer held jobs in july & 94000 dropped out of labor force we must do better. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the @gop convention @barackobama s sealed records & @senatorreid s tax claim. outrageous--@barackobama is suing to suppress the military vote in ohio our commander in chief should be ashamed. glad to hear clint eastwood endorsed @mittromney. he understands that america needs a big boost to be strong again. i went to @miketyson s play. i will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog. now china calls in us diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades. the new reality. @barackobama is weak. the real outsourcer - @barackobama is funding german automakers with the gm bailout money how does that help us? the @whitehouse has clarified that the unemployment is actually 8.254 not 8.3 a little sensitive are we? i have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world. i employ thousands of people. why am i the enemy? now the world is looking to china for an economic lift @barackobama has ruined our economic hegemony. to the geniuses at americans united for change : the more you tax me the less people i employ. get it? glad to hear that @flgovscott will be speaking at the @rnc convention. he is a true conservative and fantastic governor! a confidential source has called my office and told me that @barackobama has added over 6t to the new national debt & ruined us credit. i am honored that @barackobama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads. it was made in america! tune in for my interview with @gretawire tonight at 10 pm @foxnews. glad that @mittromney is hitting @barackobama on ending work requirements for welfare. obama attacks the american work ethic. looking forward to meeting the great folks of sarasota gop party when i am honored as statesman of the year. should be a wonderful time. people are finally beginning to hit china and opec. they never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that s okay! .@huffingtonpost is doing very badly. also very inaccurate stories. like aol when will they fail? tucson killer loughner should be given the death penalty not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost cont. great article by @wayneroot @theblaze -- obama s college classmate: the obama scandal is at columbia. the nypost reports @vanityfair magazine dropped 18 to only 283938 newsstand copies sold. very sad & their bloggers are doing even worse! my @foxbusiness interview on @varneyco discussing @barackobama s dirty tactics & how @mittromney should respond. my @foxnews interview on @gretawire discussing the @rnc convention @barackobama s sealed records & real estate advice. our major airports are decaying. it s embarrassing. we need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast. my @wor710 interview on the john gambling show discussing the 2012 election trump real estate projects & our airports. i always enjoy being interivewed on @wor710 by john gambling. my father fred used to listen to his father s show. pathetic--@barackobama is sweetening his offer to the taliban read the art of the deal. no surprise that china was caught cheating in the olympics. that s the chinese m.o. - lie cheat & steal in all international dealings. .@barackobama-hood: rob our children s future by borrowing from the chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us. act as if what you do makes a difference. it does. -- william james. job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren t hiring why? obamacare us debt & @barackobama s tax plan. these are facts: in 2001 the us opened its markets to china & since then more than 2 million americans can t cont. desperate- @barackobama is already asking supporters to find dirt on @mittromney s vp picks dirty tactics. to all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals. they are out there. have you been to the @trumpgrill in the trump tower atrium? best meatloaf in the city--my mother s famous recipe. 212.836.3249. i wonder if @barackobama ever had an indonesian passport. did he become an indonesian citizen when he lived there? the brand new season of @celebapprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks. the all star cast will be announced very soon. americans never quit. -- general douglas macarthur. over 100m are now receiving some form of welfare we must do better. @mittromney has the vision to get america working. see newsmax story re republican national convention. even more @barackobama crony capitalism & corruption. we are guaranteeing a 105m loan to another obama donor. .@macmiller s donald trump song is at 64.5m views on youtube you re welcome mac! just letting china know in advance that the usa will win the medal count in the olympics. even with your cheating you can t beat us. waste. with 22 new taxes & 1.8t in added debt @barackobama s disgraceful obamacare will still leave 30m uninsured. a review of @miketyson s show great press on trump international golf links scotland and more in today s #trumpvlog-. .@miketyson and @spikelee i gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog. .@papajohns ceo john schnatte has told shareholders that obamacare will force him to raise pizza prices repeal! received a beautiful letter from joe paterno s son jay. he really loved and respected his father. the penn state board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the ncaa. they gave away cont. all recent presidents have released their transcripts. what is @barackobama hiding? china is cooking up conspiracy theories that the olympics are rigged. they don t understand why they can t cheat. the failing new york daily news knowingly incorrectly reported that i wanted to speak at the republican national convention--wrong! as we told the @nydailynews i was asked to speak at the rnc but said no because i will be doing something much bigger--just watch! i will be speaking the night before the rnc in sarasota fl when i receive the statesman of the year award. newsmax article: trump declines prime time gop convention speech. sun newspaper scotland reports that tourism jump is thanks to trump. 8000 visitors in one month from 20 countries. .@lolojones given a raw deal in @nytimes story--not fair. our airports are third world--horrible. let s rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively. watch my video blog to see if your questions from my facebook page were answered-. congratulations to our great women s olympic soccer team @ussoccer on their gold medal. they made us all proud! sad--only 36 think america s best days are ahead while 49 believe they are in the past we can & must do better. waste--@barackobama s dep. of energy was warned in advance by treasury that it wasn t loaning out in good deals. rt @ibdeditorials: was barack obama a foreign exchange student? over 2 million people have lost their jobs since @barackobama became potus. how many of them still have healthcare? believe you can and you re halfway there. --pres. theodore roosevelt. monday morning 7:30 am i ll be on @foxandfriends. tune in! today @barackobama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from china. just another day at the office. the chicago machine is scared. @paulryanvp shows that @mittromney will run on a conservative & coherent platform. 85 days until victory! trump chicago was featured in transformers 3. trump tower was featured in dark knight rises. both are summer blockbusters. #midastouch. obama care stole more then 500m from medicare. glad to hear patriotic americans are organizing a movement this august to boycott chinese products people get it! borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity. -- @paulryanvp. in 08 @paulryanvp predicted that us headed toward bankruptcy @barackobama has added over 6t in debt since. scary. congratulations to our olympic team for by far winning the most medals including first place gold. today is #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc 7:30 am. tune in! my @squawkcnbc interview discussing @mittromney s pick of @paulryanvp how to frame medicare debate & @rnc convention. via @cnnpolitics: trump will have memorable role at gop convention it s true just wait and see... via @dc decoder: donald trump to surprise gop convention. what might he do? answer: something major! now is the time to buy a house if you can directly from a bank. they want to get rid of all their foreclosures. today i am working on my big surprise for the @rnc convention. everyone will love it. glad to hear @govchristie will be delivering the keynote for the @rnc convention. he will deliver a strong message. by the us winning the olympic medal count we proved that both the american spirit & talent is greater than a 1.4b population. usa! every sports fan is treated to an all star game. the loyal and growing fan base of @celebapprentice will be getting a much bigger treat! great news--chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the us stock market #timetogettough. the chinese are planning on going to the moon...i hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago. -@mittromney. the euro is going to collapse soon. cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their euro investments. .@barackobama is promoting ugly inefficient unreliable bird-killing noisy neighborhood-destroying wind turbines. big mistake. nobody wants wind turbines they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers. watch @paulryanvp explain how it s irrefutable that president obama is damaging medicare. while @joebiden is a gaffe machine yesterday s comments that @mittromney will put y all back in chains was not at all proper. congratulations to @allenwest on winning last night s primary! lightweight reporter alex pareene @pareene is known as a total joke in political circles. hence he writes for loser salon. @salon. i m really glad that @mittromney no longer says what a nice guy @barackobama is. richard mourdock--a very good man running for the senate in indiana. hopefully he will win! @richardmourdock. .@missteenusa visited today-. scary thought--what is the pervert anthony weiner doing with all the free time he has. does he collect unemployment? i have hired renowned golf course architect gil hanse to rebuild the blue monster at doral. he designed the 2016 cont. my acquisition of the doral in maimi will be a major success for the trump organization. the re-building is on schedule. i have always done well with properties fronting on oceans lakes and rivers. if something works stay with it. congratulations to linda mcmahon on her victory in the connecticut senate primary. she is an amazing woman--smart as you get! @linda mcmahon. 716 billion from medicare by @barackobama. when will it end? @georgefwill is suggesting football is going away and @mittromney will lose. @georgefwill is a moron. chelsea clinton will be very successful in the world of politics. she s always been a great person--a winner. cont. if you don t have a competitive advantage don t compete. -- jack welch. mr. president take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to chicago. -- @mittromney. the @lakers should have an amazing team next year with kobe nash and howard. will be fun to watch. one of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after @joebiden gaffes. i feel sorry for his spokespeople. military reps have attacked @barackobama over bin laden leaks--they believe he s just using this for his benefit. not a big surprise... the huffington post is such a loser--it will die just as aol is dying what a stupid deal aol made to buy it! my interview with don imus on @77wabcradio discussing my @rnc convention surprise & @mittromney s china policy. what s more dangerous for the country--the iranian nuclear threat or @barackobama as president? i wonder what the work atmosphere is like @vanityfair. it must be hard working at a dying institution. a great photo of @mittromney and me. certain internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won t go away---others are terrific. there s only only one person who has defunded medicare. his name is @barackobama. congratulations to @wweraw on passing 1000 episodes. @wwe is still going strong after all these years--@vincemcmahon is great! i still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at @wwe. there are only 22 days for @barackobama to drop @joebiden. obama is not a loyal guy. i think he is strongly considering it. jennifer aniston is engaged--she s a great person and i wish her well. .@israel could very well be close to attacking iran. could be this election s big october surprise... i always said @barackobama will attack iran in some form prior to the election. good news - @mittromney has pulled ahead in wisconsin with @paulryanvp on the ticket wisconsin is in play. palm springs ca has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world s ugliest wind farm at the gateway on interstate 10. very very sad! wind farms are killing many thousands of birds. they make hunters look like nice people! the harder i work the luckier i get. -- samuel goldwyn. .@mittromney shouldn t give additional tax returns until @barackobama gives his passport records college records & applications... ...@barackobama is hiding plenty of bad things. the country of georgia is a small wonder. performing well economically under the leadership of @saakashvilim. a great american ally. jeffrey robinson s #trumptower has it all. the ultra rich powerful and beautiful. it s your summer must-read. my @foxnews interview on @teamcavuto discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates & @rnc convention. my @gretawire interview discussing why @barackobama is not a nice guy and who will win the 2012 election. via @ellontimeskenny: trump course sparks international interest. .@dineshdsouza had to give 1000 to @barackobama s brother for his child s hospital bill isn t that disgraceful? great sign: we built this business without government help. obama can kiss our a--! commonly heard now across america! even ny democrats are avoiding @barackobama s convention he is dragging his own party down with him. great speech on china by @paulryanvp yesterday where he explains why china is treating @barackobama like a doormat. .@mittromney & @paulryanvp get what needs to be done to reign in china. @barackobama gets kicked around by the chinese. the us government s foreign debt is at a record 5.29t china is laughing all the way to the bank. us government s foreign indebtedness has grown over 72 under @barackobama. he is bleeding us dry to china. if @barackobama really loved this country he wouldn t be destroying it. he has ruined our credit and killed jobs with obamacare. congratulations to @bobmcdonnell on leading virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year. he is a fantastic governor. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am--tune in! the only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. --vidal sassoon. congratulations to @theslystallone and arnold @schwarzenegger on expendables 2 #1 box office opening. still going strong! oil is rising back over 100 barrel. opec loves to rip us off. why shouldn t they--they always get away with it. americans already believe that @paulryanvp is better qualified to serve as president over @joebiden no surprise. scary thought--@joebiden is a heartbeat away from the presidency. unemployment is up in 44 states showing july s unemployment numbers to be broad based @barackobama is a job killer. why are we continuing to train these afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back? afghanistan is a complete waste. time to come home! i dream for a living. --steven spielberg. .@rosie get better fast. i m starting to miss you! congratulations to billy payne and @augustanational on doing the right thing. the @wta released a new #strongisbeautiful celebrity campaign today. amazing athletes. proud to be a part of this. my @foxandfriends interview discussing how @barackobama is running a hateful campaign & the @rnc convention surprise. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing #trumptuesdays high ratings @toddakin s statement & @mittromney s policies. more of my #trumptuesday @squawkcnbc interview discussing how the us gets killed negotiating with other countries. if you have any doubt that @barackobama must be defeated see @dineshdsouza s 2016: obama s america. amazing film! in less than a week i ll be honored by sarasota gop as statesman of the year & then give my big surprise to @rnc convention. will be fun! we have to get tough with china before they destroy us. glad to hear that @jimtalent has put some strong anti-china referendums in the @gop convention platform. it s tuesday. i wonder how much money @huffpost lost today--great purchase aol. .@rogerjstonejr was great on @thekudlowreport last night. roger and larry are good friends! amazing--both transformers & dark knight rises featured trump properties and each grossed over 1b. just coincidence. every economic climate whether an uptick or downturn presents new opportunities and challenges. distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments. you need the foresight and instincts to know the property s true potential. glad to hear @barackobama s attack ad featuring my plane is playing in north carolina. free ad time for trump national in charlotte! only three weeks until the new season of @celebapprentice begins filming--great all-star cast. i am tired of @barackobama talking about @mittromney s father. why don t we discuss barack obama sr.! it s amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for the art of the deal. the book has changed a lot of lives. many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning @barackobama s background. i for one won t be. an idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous. --henry ford. .@washingtonpost thinks @ivankatrump is what washington s social scene needs truth is she s amazing. my shirts ties and fragrance are doing great at @macys--try them! make fantastic gifts. .@barackobama was caught telling russian pm @medvedevrussiae that he can be more flexible in his second term. russia thinks he s weak. gas prices are soaring. 4.12 in ca. opec is laughing at how stupid we are. putin just sent a russian nuclear sub to the gulf of mexico. @barackobama can t be bothered he is too concerned with @mittromney s taxes. we are about to have a record 500b trade deficit with the chinese this year. that money should be back here financing jobs in america. congratulations to @yankees derek jeter on passing eddie murray last night to become the 11th all-time @mlb hit leader. .@edrendell s book a nation of wusses is an excellent read--especially page 10. go get it! can t wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in sarasota and tampa! hey @barackobama we did build it! .@barackobama said he doesn t take the navy seals campaigning against him too seriously. it s wednesday. i wonder how much money @barackobama borrowed from china today? here s a sneak peek at the @dnc convention theme: it s not our fault. blame bush. oh and government built it. change is not a destination just as hope is not a strategy. -- rudy giuliani. one of the best moves i made early in my career was buying the air rights from tiffany s flagship. trump tower gleams over fifth avenue. it s sad to see once decent newspapers like @usatoday failing so badly. i just don t know if they can be saved. today we just passed 1.4 million twitter followers.. via @dcexaminer: @realdonaldtrump to speak at @libertyu. great new ad from @mittromney titled nothing s free detailing both the high costs and taxes of obamacare. it s thursday. i wonder how much money @barackobama drained from medicare today to finance obamacare. it is truly an honor that his eminence archbishop of new york @cardinaldolan will be delivering the benediction at the @rnc convention. wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife. they are environmental disasters. statesman of the year in sarasota fl on sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout. in any business venture remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise. fight hard for that brand of yours. amazing--@vanityfair survived one more day without folding. the clock is ticking... massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism.... ...spread shots out over long period and watch positive result. @arsenioofficial you have already made plenty because of me. how about a 50 50 cut just joking see you soon! .@mittromney will make us energy independent by 2020 @barackobama will keep wasting money on solyndra projects. the opening of #trumpscotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world s best golf course watch the video-. the independent watchdog who exonerated @barackobama for the failed green energy loans just donated 52500 to obama s campaign. a hurricane will be coming to tampa. my @rnc convention surprise hits monday night! when your life flashes before your eyes make sure you ve got plenty to watch. --anonymous. the muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the sinai & saying it doesn t violate camp david accord. egypt s muslim brotherhood president is visiting us next month. @barackobama is so excited. i am very surprised that @lancearmstrong gave up. i never thought he was a quitter... .@lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined. dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that i said children should not get vaccinated. i believe fully cont. former navy seal questions @barackobama s birthplace. via @theblaze: falwell on trump: he was willing to say publicly what conservatives said privately. terrible tragedy at the empire state building today. must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals. .@barackobama is bankrupting this country. his budget adds another 4.4t to the debt putting us over 20t in total debt by 2016. disgusting--@barackobama s supporters are launching an anti-mormon whisper campaign shameful but no surprise. i am proud of the tea party. these great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years. here is a letter i received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation. life brings you many surprises. as a child i used to vacation with my family at the doral in miami. now i own it. florida has been very good to me. i am really esxcited to give back at the sarasota gop event and @rnc convention. will be fun! .@dineshdsouza s 2016: obama s america is expanding to over 1000 theaters this weekend. will be highest grossing documentary in 2012. !! it s friday. how many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today? they are an environmental & aesthetic disaster. i am sure the @ncgop will do a great job bracketing the @dnc convention. they are a tremendous statewide organization. .@barackobama sent over 100000 jobs and canadian oil to china all because he would not approve keystone xl. .@barackobama is begging the eurozone to keep greece in until after 11.6.12. he thinks the world revolves around his re-election. the toughest thing about success is that you ve got to keep on being a success. --irving berlin. why do the republicans keep apologizing on the so called birther issue? no more apologies--take the offensive! i knew chris matthews when he was sane and quite honestly wonderful. now he s gone off the deep end as an obama surrogate. @hardball chris. one point i made last night and will continue to push is that the @gop can t be pollitically correct. we must fight fire with fire. sorry to hear of the passing of neil armstrong over the weekend. he was an american hero. it is very sad to see what @barackobama has done with nasa. he has gutted the program and made us dependent on the russians. look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-. they succeed because they think they can. -- virgil. .@barackobama has completely failed the american people. u.s. annual incomes have fallen over 5 during his term. media silent when @barackobama called @mittromney a murderer & felon. mitt mentions birth certificate and they go nuts. double standard! as usual the weather people got it wrong in tampa. they just look for headlines & ratings! the us navy wants to go green. our navy should use the best & most powerful fuel & not play games. give me a break! .@financialtimes writes that @barackobama should pray that china overtakes us don t worry he is making it happen. .@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. i fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision. don t think my statement on @ariannahuff was harsh if you knew her and the phony huffington post you would understand--- more to follow. the bay bridge in san francisco is being built by the chinese--tremendous cost overruns. a total mess. we should build our own bridges etc. my @foxnews @teamcavuto interview discussing the @rnc convention businesses making products in china and unemployment. .@robinroberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast! ask china if their rapidly expanding with our money navy or armed forces are going green -- they would laugh in your face! trump urges gop to be mean as hell via @cnnpolitics. remember when @ariannahuff ran for governor of california. she got 3 votes. happy to hear that @ralphreed s faith and freedom chapters are at the @rnc convention supporting @mittromney. we must be united to win! .@melaniatrump and i are looking forward to watching @anndromney s speech tonight. she is an amazing woman who will be a great first lady! .@govchristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why @mittromney should be elected and @barackobama has to go. it s tuesday--how much inflation has @barackobama s spending caused today on the price of food and gas? i stand ready to lead us down a new path where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed not by a resentment of success. -- @mittromney. .@barackobama s super pac has continually called @mittromney a murderer ironic since obama is destroying medicare. i can t wait to read this...rt @newsmax media: seal book explodes obama furious. i am very worried that if @barackobama is re-elected then medicare will be destroyed. we must take care of our seniors. .@barackobama s dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this november. what a coincidence--michelle obama called kenya @barackobama s homeland in 2008. china must be worried that @mittromney will win this november. they have never had such a pushover like @barackobama. an excerpt of my @thebrodyfile interview at the sarasota statesman of the year dinner discussing the tea party. congratulations to @anndromney on delivering a knock out speech last night. america can t wait to call her our first lady. my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing the 2012 election opec ripping us off & @mittromney s job policy. great speech by my good friend @govchristie. he did something you won t hear at @barackobama s convention---tell the truth. it s wednesday how much money is china stealing from us today? new business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the epa is now the employment prevention agency. -- @bobmcdonnell. no one will work harder. no one will move heaven and earth like mitt romney to make this country a better place to live! -- @anndromney. america needs @mittromney and @paulryanvp and we need them right now. -- @govchristie. i am astonished that the media continues to lie. @barackobama gutted welfare reform. it is a fact! china s media is attacking @mittromney while endorsing @barackobama of course. mitt knows it s time to get tough. i was putting together my early deals in new york & i was advised by many that i was too young. believe in yourself & you can do anything. it s thursday and again i ask--how much money is china stealing from us? even the seals who killed bin laden don t like @joebiden. gas prices are way too high. with an economy contracting and lower demand how do opec & the speculators get away with this?! only two weeks until we start shooting @celebapprentice. we really have something amazing for the fans this year. congratulations to @govmikehuckabee on last night s tremendous speech. mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better. let me say it as clearly as possible that the attack on my catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me. -- @govmike huckabee. the dummies left iraq and libya without the oil! after four years of getting the run-around america needs a turnaround and the man for the job is governor mitt romney. @paulryanvp. i wonder what @joebiden was thinking last night as @paulryanvp delivered that knockout speech. joe should call in sick for the vp debate. book on bin laden is a terrible violation of code--makes @barackobama s story a big lie. i am impressed with how clearly @paulryanvp explains the challenges we face and the solutions @mittromney will bring as president. too busy playing golf? @barackobama sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen seals. letterman @late show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment. of course @hardball chris attacked birthers in praising @condoleezzarice s speech. chris has completely lost it. a fact--golfers don t get aches & pains like others who don t golf. it is amazingly remedial. it s friday how many advertisers dropped @huffpost today? gas prices are about to hit a record high during the labor day weekend. @barackobama could have stopped this. if you accept the expectations of others especially negative ones then you will never change the outcome. -- michael jordan. i loved watching clint eastwood last night--he was terrific! .@mittromney s entire life and career have built prosperity and growth. obama s ideas don t move us forward they take us backwards. these are ideas people come to america to get away from. --@marcorubio. .@govmikehuckabee was great the other night. people love him. we have all the cards. now is the time to make a great deal with iran. i am sure the chinese are getting anxious. they watch the polls. @mittromney won t let them cheat us anymore. .@barackobama s assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to china. --@mittromney. china is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade they stole the technology from us. republicans should have been much tougher on obama. just wait until you see what obama does to romney at the dnc! andy roddick...a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife. republicans are always saying obama is such a nice guy. when will they learn that he is not? @melaniatrump on @qvc tonight with her fabulous melania timepieces & jewelry. tune in at 1am est! if you have a speech-one that would put winston churchill to shame liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible! i win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won t comment or will say only bad...leave clint alone! great going andy roddick! another victory for a fabulous player. brooklyn decker is good luck. as i predicted 1 year ago gasoline prices hit a record high today...opec is having a ball at our expense. be yardstick of quality. some people aren t used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- steve jobs. joe paterno s family should sue the idiots @pennstate that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report. why does @barackobama have such a fascination with my plane? he is more than welcomed to come for a ride. is this hope & change? a record 46.7m americans were on food stamps this past june. we must do better. smart move by @barackobama having pres. bill clinton deliver the @dnc convention keynote. the media can track down @paulryan s old girlfriend and marathon time but can t find @barackobama s college applications or other info. record setting gas prices in the u.s. -- we re really looking dumb. lots of s being made on us. with our national debt passing 16t during the @dnc convention @barackobama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents. scary. nbc wall st journal poll of african american voters: 94 @barackobama 0 @mittromney.even worse than hillary s old numbers. is that racism? the chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago. they have stolen even more from us in jobs & trade during @barackobama s term. opec is better off than they were 4 years ago. gas has more than doubled during @barackobama s term. outrageous! what message does it send when @barackobama s campaign has to spin whether america is better off than it was 4 years ago? july u.s. construction had biggest drop in 12months. bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year. no surprise. @barackobama is letting the muslim brotherhood in egypt default on their us loans big mistake! very good speech by @michelleobama--and under great pressure--dems should be proud! .@lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no lance. why does us doping agency destroy an american icon @lancearmstrong for events that took place years ago in france? .@lancearmstrong revise your decision to quit--go back and fight. with all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the @dnc convention yesterday it was ironic that the debt passed 16t. .@serenawilliams is a special player. after winning the gold for the us in the olympics it looks like she will cont. almost every t.v. show is asking me to go on--especially the @late show. it s simple--i get the ratings! i wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the democrats in charlotte right now. north carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people. i enjoy my time there when i visit trump national charlotte. better off? the 16t us debt works out to 136260 per household a 50 increase since @barackobama took office. have you seen the new #trump line of clothing apparel and fragrances @macy s? selling like hotcakes. great for christmas gifts etc. the democrats dropped all references to god from their platform. not good! scary thought--is the sexual pervert anthony weiner now in charlotte? did he bring his phone with him? change before you have to. --jack welch. other networks are begging me to do a show--i can t because i m doing the apprentice! once again under@barackobama the us has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness we must do better. bill clinton did a great job last night--the democrats are lucky to have him. do you really believe he likes @barackobama? iran is flying supply planes to syria through iraqi airspace. thank you united states for making this possible! donald trump has given millions to pro-romney superpacs and his whole family is cutting checks to mitt s campaign. .@barackobama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention. now we will never know if @barackobama would have been able to fill bank of america stadium. pretty convenient. the delegates at the @dnc convention keep shouting four more years. four more years of 18 real unemployment and another 6t in debt? after @barackobama s speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit friday morning when the new jobs report is released. remember while @barackobama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in afghanistan. the chinese are mistreating hillary clinton on her trip they have zero respect for us. outrageous! forty-seven million now on food stamps. when he came to office there were 32 million. he s added 15 million people. --@mittromney. we ve gone from 10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to 16 trillion -- @mittromney. scary--while @barackobama has been potus for 1.6 of america s history he has amassed 33.3 of the total debt. under @barackobama 1 out of every 7 americans is on food stamps. the youtube of the 2012 miss usa contestants @giulianarancic and me singing call me maybe has over 2m views. the republicans must get virgil goode out of the race in virginia. he will take votes away from @mittromney. dems had a very good and professional convention. the republicans must be smart and tough--and fast! drew peterson a real sleaze just convicted of killing wife. change the law so he gets death penalty. today s job report is dismal. now a record 88921000 americans are no longer in the work force. there are now 119000 fewer americans employed than there were in july. the economy is still terrible. unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force & have stopped looking for work.not a real recovery phony numbers. this chart from aei s @jimpethokoukis shows how terrible @barackobama s recovery really is: disaster. if @barackobama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11.2. a lot of people strongly advised me against doing @apprenticenbc. next week we start filming the record 13th seasonhence go with your gut! during @barackobama s presidency median family income has fallen 4.8 terrible for the middle class. one of the best moves i ever made was staying out of last decade s artificial real estate boom. but i used the downturn to my advantage. i ll be on @foxandfriends on monday at 7:30 am. tune in! you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill. in today s #trumpvlog i speak about clint eastwood the #dnc and drew peterson-. obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate. he s in your face because the republicans dropped the ball. cont. president obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the american people --clint eastwood. barack obama used to mock bush s 300k monthly job reports now obama wishes he could have a month half as good. why has barack obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background? who is he? you need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. --general george s. patton. obama called august s job report progress. overall 96k new jobs & over 173k new people on food stamps. today we remember and honor our fellow americans and nypd and fdny who fell 11 years ago. an impromptu interview i did with german tv on 9 11 down by ground zero discussing the attack and wtc towers. discussing the 9 11 attack and coverage with @kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his @cnn show. my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview with ken langone & dick grasso discussing the chicago teachers strike @ 2012. trump: if republicans don t get tough they re not going to win this election via @thehill. on this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that bin laden s last sight was a navy seal pulling the trigger. the onus of the chicago teachers strike falls squarely on the teachers & their union. inexcusable to leave children without school. whatever happened to obama s independent investigation into national security leaks from his administration? where s the media? 84 of us troops wounded & 70 of our brave men & women killed in afghanistan have all come under obama. time to get out of there. why won t obama release his college applications? is there something foreign about them? china is an international pariah. they are now harassing japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands. priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime obama has skipped over 50 of his intel briefings. amazing. @celebapprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base. if obama wins it is the end of the republican party. -- @limbaugh. there is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare. -- sun tzu. i hope the @gop realizes that if they blow this election the tea party won t be with them next time. why is the pentagon wasting precious dollars on going green. complete waste. we need the best & easiest fuel for our military. when will obama next go on vacation if he wins the election? the day after. we fight to free libya and they kill our ambassador and other americans. obama s foreign policy is a joke. an attack on our embassy is an attack on our soil. we have been attacked by libya. go into libya & take the cont. obama doesn t know what he s doing. his foreign policy is a disaster. libya egypt iraq afghanistan--all cont. i always said the people we fought for in libya were bad news. once again i was right. libya is selling its oil to china--i notice the chinese ambassador is very safe. obama is a disaster at foreign policy. never had the experience or knowledge. he is not capable of doing the job. the middle east is blowing up--we didn t back egypt and now they riot against us. iran is using iraqi airspace cont. as bad as they were i don t remember our embassies being attacked when mubarak and gaddafi were in power. what did we get for fighting in libya besides a dead ambassador. demand their oil. it s wednesday how many more of our embassies will be stormed by islamists? opec will use yesterday s attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas. they are always ripping us off. so obama can host the muslim brotherhood pres. morsi in the white house but doesn t have time for @netanyahu? it s disgraceful that the obama administration s first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic cont. obama will go down as the worst president in history on many topics but especially foreign policy. no surprise. @dnc displayed russian ships in tribute to vets did they mean to honor the russians? those who refuse to draw red line to iran don t have the moral right to put a red line to @israel. -- @israelipm @netanyahu. i guess obama s cairo speech really worked out. the muslim brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9.11. imagine if obama speaks in beijing? deja vu - i can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed president. obama carter. our 16t national debt is now bigger than our 15t gdp. if obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013. the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. -- vince lombardi. weakness cow towing and not standing firm is provocative. we are getting pushed around and robbed under this president. this is all about american weakness and an incompetent president. we threw our ally mubarak overboard and egypt is now our enemy. great going obama--israel is in trouble. obama s foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst president we have ever had. with the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food. romneys campaign is being put on the defensive. he cannot let this happen. stop pandering. must get tougher cont. if obama was smart he would cancel the muslim brotherhood s wh visit later this month. he won t. wake up america! see article: israeli science: obama birth certificate is a fake. filming of the record 13th season of @celebapprentice has started. be sure to be on the lookout for future updates. obama told @nbc that egypt is no longer an ally. they used to be until he pushed out mubarak. shouldn t there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9 11? with allies like egypt and libya who needs enemies?! what a coincidence that obama s good friends in libya and egypt picked 9 11 to attack our embassies. the media is pathetic. our embassies are savaged by radicals while obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize @mittromney. i will be speaking monday september 24 10 a.m. at liberty university to a record setting student body. i look forward to it! why are we still giving billions of dollars we don t have in foreign aid to the muslim brotherhood in egypt? it s thursday how many more bias press reports will be released against @mittromney? obama s convention bounce is gone. @mittromney has retaken the lead in the latest @rasmussenpoll. .@mittromney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue. obama who put these radicals in power deserves blame. welcome to obama s america--record high poverty and an 8 drop in median household family income four more years? congratulations to obama and the @dnc. the federal deficit has topped 1t for a fourth year in a row nice work! i keep getting great feedback on new #trump cologne success. exclusively available at @macy s and best shirts & ties. must see video--obama s criticism of @mittromney is identical to carter s on reagan. nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program. -- milton friedman. wow! i just heard that the previously unknown singer mac miller has received over 67 million hits on his song donald trump. i hate @usatoday s redesign--the logo is terrible. lightweight al neuharth must ve had something to do with this no wonder paper is failing. @buckingslams sam you re 100 correct. frankly i wish they d scram. @heinzpak @usatoday that could be. agreed. oh no another rapper doing a trump song -- young jeezy - trump lyrics. why aren t these guys paying me? my @cnbcclosingbell interview discussing qe3 the housing market my stock picks and the 2012 election. via @starpulse: donald trump calls barack obama incompetent. amazing--playing with an ankle injury @yankees captain derek jeter tied willie mays last night for #10 on cont. @maryenglish67 @usatoday sometimes that s necessary. @josh beaupre josh--thanks i think you re right. @scottsaia23 thanks scott. i appreciate your nice words. it s amazing--@hardball chris has completely lost all connections to reality. he is a complete shill for obama. why doesn t obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in egypt have live ammunition? they need it fast. rt @mittromney: for nearly 4 years barack obama has refused to crack down on china s cheating & american workers have paid the price. @steelchecker jody--agreed. @shawn maynard this is our 13th season. no precise date yet but most likely in the early spring. shooting is underway. will be terrific. qe3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion. creates artificial numbers for short term market gains. cont. no surprise--obama s deputy campaign manager tweeted link from chinese propaganda outlet did she also write it? first obama says egypt is not an ally. then he promises to keep handing over aid incompetent and unqualified. if you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read the art of the comeback. hey @kimkardashian--i hear you are undecided in the election. i can explain why you should vote for @mittromney. weekly jobless claims are up once again. the economy cannot recover with obama in office. success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money. --johnny cash. occupy wall street is at it again- go out and get a job. it s actually easier work and far more rewarding. kate middleton is great--but she shouldn t be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame. after being ripped off for years obama finally figured out that china is taking advantage of us. he s finally listening to me. via @digitaljournal: donald trump tweets obama is an incompetent president. trump: if republicans don t get tough they re not going to win this election via @thehill. obama is our unlucky president. everything he touches turns into a mess. some people just don t have it! gas prices have doubled under obama. over 5 gallon now in california. we must start drilling from our own resources to become independent. teachers in chicago should go back to work immediately.rahm emanuel has offered them a fair deal. now they re just acting for the cameras. with 50 days until the election it is #timetogettough for @mittromney & @gop. eli manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback. still a buyer s market. buy directly from a bank. they want to offload properties that have defaulted will give good prices & financing. while obama is denying it he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before too busy campaigning? it s monday how many more excuses will obama make today about the economy? china is now attacking japan s economy for leverage soon they will try the same with us. #timetogettough. a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- pres. abraham lincoln. i ll be at liberty university monday 10 am for speech. looking forward to meeting students--all sold out! at the national achievers congress in london this october i m going to talk about success and how to avoid failure. @rdowns i never went bankrupt. enemies love to say i did. didn t happen. now a small country like sudan tells obama he can t send any more marines we are a laughing stock. @princeetornam they had both interest and aptitude. they ve done a terrific job. my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing qe3 @mittromney s leaked comments middle east & us oil capability. my @nbc @todayshow interview discussing my @rnc video & why @mittromney should not apologize. this morning @nbc @todayshow played some of the @rnc video i filmed for the tampa convention. with 49 days until the election @mittromney needs to stay on offense. he should not be apologizing. deflect onto obama s record. the majority of americans agree with @mittromney s comments on @israel and iran. it s tuesday. how many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores obama s record? none of romney s leaked comments change the fact that obama is a complete disaster. 20 real unemployment and 6t in deficit spending. liberal press won t look into why obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with romney s private comments. .@lightjzup industrial turbines are destroying our land. .@rickymoney i don t know a lot about failures. and as you know i never went bankrupt. can you believe--they are blaming @mittromney for egypt. our soldiers can t even have any more joint exercises with afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the cont. i ll be on @gretawire tonight at 10 pm fox news. obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving keystone xl pipeline and canada is now selling the oil to china--very dumb! filming for @celebapprentice season 13 is now into the 2nd week. the all-star cast is already hard at work. @rowree it will be fantastic! @angela pink fan @celebapprentice @bretmichaels tune in! @danojano @afreespeechzone dopey--i have never filed for bankruptcy as you know! obama should play golf with republicans & opponents rather than his small group of friends. that way maybe the terrible gridlock would end. the stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting! technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn t know about 5 years ago. oil would be 25 a barrel if our government would let us drill. our country would be rich again--who needs opec. my @gretawire interview. via @washingtonpost: the donald s video should have trumped eastwood by @capehartj. don t let them build a wind turbine in your backyard or near your house . it will destroy your property value. china has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars & auto parts. i ve been saying this for 3 years... ...come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast. via @newsmax media: romney said nothing wrong. trump: obama is unlucky president via @newsmax media. have you seen the new #trump fall collection exclusively available @macys? top selling brand nationwide.ties shirts fragrance-great gifts. qe3 a political favor for obama will cause record inflation on food and fuel. this hits low income families the hardest. big mistake. isnt it great that obama had time yesterday to fundraise with jay z and do @late show while there is a record 21 real unemployment! to be successful never give up. my secrets to success will be shared at the national achievers congress in london. great article by chris ruddy @newsmax media: @anndromney and jackie s example. my @cnn interview with @piersmorgan explaining why mitt should not apologize. interesting article by @matttowery @townhallcom:it is time to use the trump card thanks matt for the nice mention. yesterday i was in washington d.c. visiting the #trump old post office renovation. it will be magnificent. @murekar. now every time islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse what was the excuse before the movie? @jessestroup nice to hear--and good luck! @murekar thanks and we will keep you posted. @ileschinder @willsommer not a bad idea. i m in a magnanimous mood. it is now clear that the embassy attack in libya was a coordinated al qaeda operation and not based on some video. obama s def. sec. just said us asia focus not aimed to contain china china is hoping that obama is re-elected. @sayhigreg. .@janinegibson. the important thing is not to stop questioning. curiosity has its own reason for existing. --albert einstein. i really like chelsea clinton--an amazing young woman. she got the best of both parents. @ivankatrump agrees. watch--yesterday obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the benghazi consulate attack. @susanvhinds a happy and healthy family. at the univision forum obama continued to make excuses for fast and furious his operation killed innocent americans. i have fun i love what i do. you should too. find out how at the national achievers conference this october. rising premium costs from obamacare will cost businesses billions guess where these new costs get passed to you. ...but interestingly the same people seem to be lucky. no matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck... i ll be on @foxandfriends monday at 7:30 am. tune in! @jtatsuno it s real. a letter from an amazing woman. a letter written to one of my many critics! the ryder cup will be amazing this week. just left liberty university. chancellor jerry falwell jr.& his father have done an amazing job...great school & the students were fantastic. why did @mittromney give his tax returns without demanding that obama release his college records & applications in return? the republican party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials. they must be tough and smart. with all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy obama should be down by 12 points--and he s not. the emmys were horrendous...the absolute worst show! amazing race winning an emmy again is a total joke. the emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows. the emmys are all politics that s why despite nominations the apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over. all these polls released by news outlets are oversampling democrats. they want to influence public perception of the race. despite all of china s cheating they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential! the attack on our libyan consulate was the worst attack on the us since 9 11. time for obama to come clean. with obama and bernanke destroying the value of the dollar gold and real estate should continue to rise in value. rt @mittromney: i am running for president to get us creating wealth again--not to redistribute it. today i spoke @libertyu convocation a great crowd... scary--obama s budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends. living in denial--only 15 of democrats think that recent economic news is poor. secure your place at the national achievers congress in london. it will be an amazing event with a great surprise. the debates are going to have a big impact on the election. @mittromney has proved--in florida--he delivers under pressure. home values have sunk a record 15 under obama. coincidence? obama and ahmadinejad each describe @israel s warning over the iranian nuclear program as just noise. muslim brotherhood head of egypt morsi is already making demands on obama before the wh visit. obama s foreign policy is a complete failure. even if you re on the right track you ll get run over if you just sit there. --will rogers. the obama economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created. @owenkelly thanks! @danceswithmetal i am sure you would be just fine! believe and act as if it were impossible to fail. -- charles f. kettering. @designergirla not a bad idea! @designergirla late winter or early spring. it will be a great season! emmys telecast is way down & lowest telecast on record among young adults. emmys have no credibility-should have nominated apprentice again! my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing how @mittromney has to get tough real unemployment & bias press. thousands of great people showed up from liberty university yesterday. i love standing ovations! trump to liberty u students: the world is laughing at us via @newsmax media. one 57 is one of the worst looking buildings i ve seen in a long time in particular its very ugly skin. the replacement refs are getting blamed for everything. i ve seen many bad sports calls over the years. did a shoot in front of the metropolitian museum on 5th ave for the 13th season of the apprentice... ...well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of @celebapprentice. the all stars are hard at work... ...yet not one meeting with an ally or an enemy! where s the media? obama will be going on @theviewtv & fundraising while in nyc for the un assembly... the 18th hole at the blue monster @doral in miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf... read about my @libertyu speech in @jameshohmann s @politico morning score. ...never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great. ...one point i made sure to stress at @libertyu is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you... selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness. unselfishness begets happiness. -- b.c. forbes. the number of unemployed americans has increased over 60 during obama s term. the economy can t survive another 4 years. english taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines. andy williams has died. he was a friend of mine and a great guy. .@brandonhardest love what you do and work hard. obama s new excuse for his failures is that you can t change washington from the inside. not what he said in 09. obama s complaints about republicans stopping his agenda are bs since he had full control for two years. he can never take responsibility. aspirin gets the best press of almost anything i can think of---fact or great pr? .@matt berry87 piers did a great job--the interview was very important. hope & change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46 under obama four more years? pres. o -- a bump in the road in reference to our ambassador s and others killing in libya. housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck! for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- aristotle. a clip of my @libertyu speech talking about the importance of the election & our country s potential via@washingtonpost. trump: us must get tougher because china is eating our lunch via moneynews @newsmax media. @forexboxusd @libertyu. @forexboxusd @libertyu thank you. @archiemoorebye we have raised millions of dollars for charity. must read column for all young people: obama s war on young voters who elected him. china is filling the vacuum left by obama at the un on the world stage. china has done very well under obama. now they just released their first aircraft carrier. no matter how good the replacement refs do they will be soundly criticized--they can t win! huff post gets it wrong re: ferry point...the only leakage of gas is from arianna huffington. associated press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about liberty university speech. shameful reporting...no credibility. liberty university speech by djt was biggest by far in school s history. standing ovations...great young people! jerry falwell jr. stated speech was best in university s history...my great honor. just bought the kluge estate in charlottesville virginia don t worry only business . see washington post article. @randyspangler thank you. .@erictrump did an amazing job raising money for @stjude with his @erictrumpfdn event featuring @lisalampanelli. watch. @benhyrne @libertyu thank you. @baeck i agree! 40 days until the election. crunch time. @mittromney must stay on offense and take the fight to obama. congratulations to my friend david wright of the @mets who is now their all-time hitting leader. how long will it take for chants-- bring back the replacement refs -- when a bad call is made? money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. -- the art of the deal. the full video of my @libertyu speech liberty s largest ever convocation crowd. if only the morons @ap were as concerned with obama s inconsistent statements on the embassy attacks as they are cont. does madonna know something we all don t about barack? at a concert she said we have a black muslim in the white house. i hope the @rnc is ready for a third party if they blow this election because that is what they will face. they must fight hard. i have fun i love what i do. you should too. find out how at the national achievers conference this october in london. a resort in arizona is using sewage to make snow. environmentalists are going crazy--i won t be skiing in that snow. now obama s campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term more like 12t in new debt if he wins. obamacare is a failure. costs are rising much faster under obama than other presidents. china s financial institutions are expanding overseas. they will own everything if we don t stop them now. .@mittromney must ask for obama s college records & applications--why is he not doing this? someone must be fired at @aol for that stupid deal they made buying huffington post. if you re going through hell keep going. --winston churchill. @benjaminprice18 go for the gold standard--aim high. be tenacious and have passion for your work. are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting? pick up a #trump suit @macys look your best! having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment. --midas touch. iraq was one of our biggest mistakes. we got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices.the country will collapse cont. keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities & possibilities & thinking too small can negate a lot of them. be tenacious. being tenacious means you re tough and patient at once so it s a formidable combination. .@lisalampanelli you are terrific always . great job on the apprentice. watch this video for a look at our great course in los angeles--- rancho palos verdes-- @trumpgolfla. obama is not working. us manufacturing orders fell a record 13.9 in august. where s the recovery? the @rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events. @jeffphilbin wishing you good luck and a happy birthday. trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery via @trdny. my successful acquisition of the kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools. to be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time. -- midas touch with @therealkiyosaki. it s amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science. brits spent 57.8m on the royal family. obamas cost us 1.4b in expenses--including entertainment living large on us. @mr schwab you have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times. .@israelipm @netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the un. too bad @ambassadorrice wasn t there. sean s interview with bob woodward on @hannityshow was very interesting--woodward was great. if you live in a state with early voting you should be voting as soon as possible. bring your friends and family with you. american incomes have fallen 3040 per household in the last 38 months. if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves. -- thomas edison. obama lied to the public about the al qaeda attack on our consulate in libya. he should be held accountable. cyberattack on white house--- what s next? in debate @mittromney should ask obama why autobiography states born in kenya raised in indonesia. only 36 days until the election. @mittromney needs to stay on offense. make obama s terrible record the issue. #timetogettough. republicans and @mittromney must get tough very soon. obama deserves much less credit for the killing of bin laden. the praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers. #trumptower is one of the country s top tourist destinations. life is very fragile and success doesn t change that. if anything success makes it more fragile. --the art of the deal. i ve learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success. --jack welch. how many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the afghanis they are training? let s get the hell out of there and focus on u.s. obama now wants to give another 450m to the muslim brotherhood. money we don t have going to people that hate us. moronic. big cancer risk from new environmental light bulbs --a big price to pay! venezuelan leader hugo chavez said in a television interview that aired on sunday if i were american i d vote for obama. al qaeda taking over libya after we made it possible--really amazing. obama loves wasting our money. he just made another guarantee of 197m to a solar company cronyism! threatening phone calls from obama supporters are being made to the michigan gop office don t be intimidated! obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in virginia another example of sleazy politics! if obama mentions mitt s tax returns in tomorrow s debate then mitt should immediately ask for obama s college records & applications. my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing how @mittromney can win the first debate & the last 35 days. a clip from @katieshow where i take @katiecouric s audience on the katie coach. glad to hear @sethmacfarlane will be hosting this year s oscars. something new that should be fun. in nov. 11 al qaeda s flag flew over the birthplace of libya s revolution in sept. 12 it flew over our embassy. wednesday s debate is day one of the election. over 70 million voters will be watching. big win by @yankees last night to take control of al east. jeter & company now control their destiny. the chinese are now hacking white house computers. why not? they already own the place. woody johnson s comments that he would rather have @mittromney win the election than his @nyjets win games shows real patriotism. under obama iran has taken over iraq al qaeda has taken over libya the muslim brotherhood now controls egypt. worst foreign policy ever. great to hear that @nfl legend and hall of famer john elway has endorsed @mittromney in colorado. co is a must win state for mitt. i ll be on @gretawire tonight on @foxnews at 10 pm. it s tuesday how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for obama? .@ritter1025 wishing your wife a happy birthday. a great article about how obamacare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market. major mexican cartel boss el diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through fast and furious media?? where is the main stream media reporting on univision s new expose of fast and furious? too busy looking at mitt s taxes? the cheap 12 inch sq. marble tiles behind speaker at un always bothered me. i will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me. congratulations to barack obama for having 2012 s debt already surpass 2011. see june 2007 speech--is obama a total racist? obama called reverend wright his friend counselor & great leader--then dumped him like a dog! reverend wright must have great hatred for obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside. @davidroyearle see you in london--big crowd! my daughter ivanka is being honored by the wharton school of finance with the 2012 young leadership award. also cont. i am very proud of ivanka! my @gretawire interview discussing @mittromney debate responses obama s hidden records my tweets and unemployment. can t wait for tonight s debate--actually delayed my trip to europe so i can watch. this is going to be a great night. who is rooting for obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press? i will be visiting trump int l golf links in scotland tomorrow. always great to see the great dunes of scotland. @escobedoantonio work hard and never give up! @lexi michaels yes absolutely. @escobedoantonio thank you. @siphosimelane thank you. i m always amazed when i travel to my foreign properties.seeing the trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal. obama s 07 speech which @dailycaller just released not only shows that obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him. have you heard? china just told obama to jump. obama asked how high. in august 2012 obama said the so called arab spring sprung from joyful longing for human freedom good call! there s only one candidate who cut medicare and that s barack obama. cut over 700m to move into obamacare. invincibility lies in the defence the possibility of victory in the attack. --sun tzu. congratulations to mitt romney. he was not only good he was absolutely fantastic tonight! as a big job creator i was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate. wind farms are ugly not cost effective and don t produce worthwhile returns or energy. no wonder governments are giving up on them. @ajb073 thank you. .@sethmacfarlane will be a great oscar host. he did an amazing job at my @comedycentral roast. both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life. you need to stay positive. @fstltd @tonyrobbins will be a great event. see you in london. i m eagerly awaiting the next polls. the debate performance could be devastating to the obama team. let s see what happens. happy to have just passed 1.5m followers on twitter. we picked up over 14000 yesterday alone. it s great to speak to everyone daily. congratulations to michelle and barack obama on their 20th anniversary. now another obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich s stuff who is this guy? where s the media? the upcoming season of @celebapprentice will be terrific--a great cast. @lulucornbread @celebapprentice most likely in february. @hightide1989 amazing is good too. i ll be in london on sunday at the excel centre to talk about success. it will be a great time for everyone! congrats to @yankees on finishing 1st in the al east. derek jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs! bill clinton has been obama s most effective surrogate out on the trail. mr. president you re entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house but not to your own facts. --@mittromney. scary & unsustainable: on monday the us added more debt than from 1776 through pearl harbor. to every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. --isaac newton. i promise to do a new #trumpvlog when i get back next week---- lots of requests. thanks! glad to hear that @robinroberts is doing well. she is a terrific person. my friend @govchristie called it--@mittromney recast the race. now america knows--the emperor has no clothes. why would obama do better in a 2nd debate? #debate #obama. .@acuconservative s #cpacco kept up the momentum from the debate. @mittromney even made a surprise appearance. now go win co! the team with the best players wins. -- @jack welch. looking forward to sundays speech in the excel centre. more than 70m people watched the presidential debate. a new record. see what happens when i am so prominently mentioned just kidding ! got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts. too many incidents--fast trial death penalty. my @foxandfriends interview discussing obama s failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers. i would do same thing if i were china. they want obama. a record 46.68m americans are now on food stamps four more years? who is more believable on the state of employment--the great @jack welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for obama? sleepy eyes @chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter. he is in the bag for obama. he can t carry @jack welch s jock. at the request of many- i will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate. congratulations to @drewbrees on setting the @nfl record with 48 consecutive games with a td pass. he is a great guy and player. how long did it take for obama to call hugo chavez and congratulate him on his reelection? who do you think chavez supports in ours? obama s planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth. obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of 557b. it is actually double that at 1.1t we can t afford four more years. sleepy eyes @chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly i will likewise mention you. our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season s @celebapprentice. our fans will be pleased. .@jack welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while jack was running ge. .@carlosbeltran15 is playing great for st. louis cardinals. they made a wise decision. .@erraticslk shout out work hard! greece should get out of the euro & go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time. california gas prices going thru the roof others to follow. an election-losing event for obama. why isn t obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices? my @squawkcnbc #trumptuesday interview discussing the upcoming debates the real state of unemployment & bias media. drop a-rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use. also not a pressure player. in the end andy pettitte did not rat out his friend roger clemens. i like him again a lot. george will is a political moron. last month he said romney couldn t win. donald trump: monkey business on jobs via @politico. when will the unemployment numbers be corrected? sadly after the election! looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates. will be a lot of fun. with these record high gas prices what does it say about obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate? in order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts you need to know about real estate. - think like a billionaire. mitts subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the american public can still spot a real winner. now that obamas poll numbers are in tailspin watch for him to launch a strike in libya or iran. he is desperate. the public is about to learn a lot more information on barack obama and his true background in the coming weeks. .@davidletterman @late show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist. thank you david--we are again friends. by popular request i will also be tweeting live during the vice presidential debate thursday night. it will be very interesting i promise. i will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats. on this there will be no flexibility with vladimir putin. -- mitt. i don t think obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like a-rod. remember obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to hillary. be careful! obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate. let s see how he reacts under pressure. it doesn t matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes. be careful of voter fraud! 27 days until america s greatest test since our founding. in this election we decide whether we become great again. i just had to fire someone he didn t have a clue--he reminded me of obama on wednesday night. has barack obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations? media? 47m on food stamps. over 23m americans unemployed. 50 of college grads unemployed. and obama wants us talking about big bird. delusional--obama actually thought that he won the debate what is he thinking? receiving thousands of thank you letters from @libertyu students for my convocation speech. the honor was all mine! great people. obama was guest at vp debate moderator martha raddatz s wedding do people think this is fair? a-rod must be dropped in the yankees line-up tonight if they want to win. he simply can t perform without drugs. consumer spending fell in september another indicator the 7.8 unemployment number is cooked. you have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving big bird. -- @mittromney. i am more concerned about biden in the debate than i am about obama. be careful on thursday night! even with lower profit projections american firms are still throwing money into china obama is killing investment. congratulations to @flgovscott on getting an a grade from @catoinstitute on his fiscal policy. rick is a fantastic governor. i enjoy meeting tourists in #trumptower. people travel from across the world to see the five-level atrium & waterfall. must read article on obama s illegal fundraising from abroad foreign candidate getting foreign donations. @usa67us thank you. when everything seems to be going against you remember that the airplane takes off against the wind not with it. -- henry ford. great move to take a-rod out of game. now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation drugs . asking why my dislike of a-rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal. staff at trump park avenue disliked a-rod--to put it mildly -- the staff at trump world tower loves derek jeter. .@apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am et on the @todayshow with @mlauer. i guess they have lance armstrong cold. brutal report. a waste of taxpayer money to take down an american hero. 30m a year and a-rod is now relegated to the bench. @yankees would have lost if girardi hadn t benched him in the 9th see my prediction. amazing that derek jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night s @yankees game and did so well. if @rihanna is dating @chrisbrown again then she has a death wish. a beater is always a beater--just watch! i suspect @joebiden could do well tonight. don t be fooled by his gaffes. he is a seasoned and feisty debater. outright disgusting--the obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to us amb. sean smith s mother. why the hell did we help the libyan rebels in the first place. that is the real scandal. how the hell does the libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can t have loaded guns for protection?! live tweeting during tonight s vp debate...should be a great time. our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in u.s. history. so obama used to tell classmates that he was kenyan royalty and an indonesian prince sounds like his book bio! it s thursday and only 26 days until the election. how many illegal donations from china and saudi arabia did obama collect today? why does barack obama s ring have an arabic inscription? who is this guy? another sign that @jack welch is right. new government labor report casts even more doubt on the september jobs data. .@linda mcmahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to dc. support her campaign here. looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment. get ready- this should be informative and fun! #vpdebate. both candidates are looking sharp- now it s up to the mouth and the mind. #vpdebate. hard for biden to justify libya mess but doing best he can. #vpdebate. biden s sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching. #vpdebate. excellent story on @mittromney- very good moment for ryan. #vpdebate. biden s statements on medicare are very effective. ryan must now come back and combat. #vpdebate. pretty even debate- no knockouts. however ryan s closing statement somewhat stronger. what do you think? #vpdebate. going over to @todayshow now to introduce @apprenticenbc cast etc.-- watch. british pm cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted & environment destroying scottish windmills. wing bangers -- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the u.s. obamacare is a complete disaster. many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can t afford it. terrible. @dennisrodman @apprenticenbc great to have you back for the best season yet! there are many ways of going forward but only one way of standing still. -- pres. franklin d. roosevelt. first minister of scotland released bomber of pan am flight #103 on compassionate grounds. do you believe? doing the @todayshow with @mlauer was great- i really like matt. credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night. #vpdebate. my scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me. i m going to the @yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when i am there. .@dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act. great to hear that our loyal @celebapprentice fans are happy with today s announcement of the new cast. this will be something special! with our amazing all star cast @joan rivers @johnrich @arsenioofficial & @piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors. obama s economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families. the price of corn alone has risen over 200 since he was elected. what we are watching on our tv screens is the unraveling of the obama foreign policy. --@paulryanvp. very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate. i look forward to tuesday night s presidential debate--i wonder if obama will use my name again. when an employee leaves me and begs to come back--i never let them. loyalty is very important. leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. -- warren g. bennis. i told you whenever i go to a @yankees game the @yankees win. when strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency washington will say what were we doing . washington should have brought in strasburg to relieve-- they would have won. i ll bet obama goes down just like washington because he doesn t use our this country s best people to win. joe girardi did a great job of managing the yankees this series. they found jessica in colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer. everyone s wondering what s wrong with a-rod. not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason. tonight despite everything put a-rod in the lineup. roadway steel on beautiful verrazano-narrows bridge is rusting and rotting away. scrape and paint before too late. so much for washington shutting down strasburg- they deserved to lose. a bad thing finally happened to derek jeter--- he is a great champion. .@yankees are in trouble without derek. try a-rod at short- get him some confidence. swisher should have caught ball in right field last night. a-rod hit ball hard first at bat. time for him to step up and leave. yankees can win today. kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher. brooklyn nets have the worst uniform ever- boring- won t matter if they win winning solves all problems - cont. no i wasn t at the @yankees game yesterday- can t go today either. when i go they win. i have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke. .@mittromney s poll numbers are looking really good. one more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout. who says obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks! obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn t want to lose the boeing. a-rod is just not making it. we want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great. i love @libertyuniversity--such great people! derek jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at trump world tower- i told him not to sell- karma? a-rod was a great player when he lived at trump park avenue--- even though he was on the juice! lots of response to my comment on diet coke-let s face it it doesn t work- just makes you hungry. isn t it time that obama release his college records and applications? boy would that create a mess! he is not who you think. barack obama is not who you think he is. most overrated politician in us history. looking forward to speaking at tonight s gala for @mittromney supporters at the intrepid. mitt s doing well. a-rod should donate his contract to charity. he doesn t make the @yankees any money and he doesn t perform. he is a 30m yr rip off. once again obama fails to classify china as a currency manipulator. he just helped china steal even more jobs and money from us. romney ryan slam obama administration on china currency manipulation via @abc. obama is planning on attacking romney on bain in tomorrow s debate mitt should bring up college applications & records. if @mittromney has a good debate tomorrow night obama is finished! sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride let time go by. donald j. trump. the invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government. -- @mittromney. based on very popular demand i will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the presidential debate. donald trump s back with 14 apprentice all-stars via @ap. gov. gary johnson pulling votes from @mittromney--don t waste your vote. obama must go! @jbluvx2 happy birthday! i hope a-rod has a great night for the yankees--he owes it to them--especially with derek hurt. lots of pressure on obama tonight--even more than a-rod. if he doesn t perform well it could be over. i have no doubt that mitt will do really well tonight. we ll all be watching @mittromney. i turned down going to the debate tonight so that i could do live tweets to my many followers. verlander is great but very beatable. does not have a good era in playoff games. .@rupertmurdoch is absolutely right it will be a nightmare for @israel if obama is re-elected. i can confirm the reports--@billrancic my first season winner will be returning to this all-star season of @celebapprentice. .@antbaxter your documentary died many deaths. you have in my opinion zero talent. .@antbaxter thanks for helping promote & make trump international golf links scotland so successful--you stupid fool! diet coke tweet had a monster response--dammit i wish the stuff worked. obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row. at least he is consistent. it s amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on @foxnews and @cnbc draw the highest ratings. and they get bigger week by week--thanks folks! the coca cola company is not happy with me--that s okay i ll still keep drinking that garbage. because obama was so pathetic in the first debate tonight s audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real. .@history s wonderful the men who built america with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing i ll be live tweeting the debate. .@antbaxter i tried watching but fell asleep. .@reince is doing a fantastic job for the republican party--hope he gets the credit he deserves. between libya the national security leaks and fast & furious obama has had more national security scandals than any other president. .@washtimes @brettmdecker: five questions w @realdonaldtrump-- lack of leadership is the biggest threat to america. i bet the terrorists in libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called revolution to attack our embassy in benghazi. congratulations to @jamesokeefeiii on exposing more democrat voter fraud. @dnc was caught red handed telling people to vote twice. good luck @mittromney tonight--have no doubt you will be great. .@mittromney--if obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records & transcripts--he will quiet down quickly. @missusa olivia--we love you. you are doing a great job. get ready for tonight! if the @yankees can somehow beat verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series. and i will go to games 6& 7 so they will win! great win last night by peyton manning & @denver broncos in san diego coming from 24 points behind on the road. very impressive. for political purposes only obama is planning to hit libya for the benghazi embassy attack right before the election? @drumline mormon it is selling great at macy s--thanks! we should be able to negotiate a deal with iran because they know we could blow them away to the stone age.they just don t believe we would. i was just told by one of the top @pgatour players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country. very nice compliment--i agree. getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say let s get ready to rumble ! why hasn t obama created jobs? why has obama let china and others take our jobs? good response on jobs by @mittromney. then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices? .@mittromney looks much stronger and much more presidential! obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn t he done it? it s all talk. obama just said @mittromney was a very successful investor --- big mistake for obama to admit- he has less and less credibility. obama is looking rhetorical and weak. @mittromney is looking strong and sharp. obama weak on immigration. all words no action. he s been prez 4 years. obama keeps namedropping bill clinton-- he is no bill clinton. .@mittromney much better on libya and middle east problems. obama has no answer. such long rhetorical and boring answers from obama. no wonder nothing gets done. you talk tough mr. president but have done nothing about china killing our jobs and economy. obama better than last time but again @mittromney wins. good night. #debate. debate showed--- these guys really hate each other. at one point it looked like they would come to blows. george will said best debate he ever saw . if you ever heard george will speak boring anything is exciting. stupid george will gave @mittromney no chance 3 months ago. take off his little spectacles and he s just another dummy. verlander pitched great but @yankees look truly defeated. at the debate the president kept talking of what he is going to do. i kept saying why didn t he do it? he lost me a long time ago. remember i said derek don t sell your trump world tower apartment...its been lucky for you. the day after he sold it he broke his foot. i still love derek he is a winner! obama has zero credibility on oil and coal. if we do not win energy as a country we just do not win period! do you believe barack hussein obama aka barry soetoro looked like a president last night? i don t! obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively. polls are starting to look really bad for obama. looks like he ll have to start a war or major conflict to win. don t put it past him! my twitter has become so powerful that i can actually make my enemies tell the truth. my twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--& all the biggies. it s like having your own newspaper. my interview with @realmichaelkay discussing why a-rod should be fired from @yankees & how to terminate his contract. @marileenelson thanks. via @espn: donald trump would fire a-rod. really enjoyed discussing @yankees yesterday with @realmicihaelkay. i am a long time yankee fan. great article on wind turbines by robert bryce in today s @nypost. wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds they are killing the finances & environment of many countries & communities. remember new environment friendly lightbulbs can cause cancer. be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don t care. robert bryce @nypost--congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines & how destructive they are. windmills are a disaster. if obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically environmentally & aesthetically. all the guys that said @mittromney would lose are rapidly coming on board. mitt will remember the early helpers. obama was beaten but not knocked out. he lives to fight another day. but in the real world presidents are not given a second chance... ...bad decisions can be devastating. trump was right: obama s america tops 2012 documentaries via @newsmax media. .@mittromney scored last night on both substance and style. obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn t he just do it especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary. last saturday a-rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded. but he was still hitting on girls from the dugout he is very selfish! while the @yankees look like they quit and are finished they won t quit for cc. joe girardi @yankees must play his starters even a-rod they got you there. @billrancic bill- you should have named your beautiful son donald. just read about my friend @hulkhogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles. initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped. see what happens when i am not mentioned. michael vick of the philadelphia @eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback. robert pattinson should not take back kristen stewart. she cheated on him like a dog & will do it again--just watch. he can do much better! can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight? what is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all. we should be given credit for taking this risk. .@dubephnx if we didn t remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos & replace it with junk that doesn t cont. .@antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster. take a hint and get out of the film cont. .@mystikangel bring @johnrich back? he is back! if obama goes after mitt s private sector experience in the next debate then mitt should ask for obama s college records--all of them. under his administration oil and gas production on public land is down over 10 obama did not tell truth last night. major grudge match this weekend between @nyjets & @patriots. i have a dilemma i am good friends w both woody cont. mitt s proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth. .@ashleycam2883 re: libya--hillary took the blame for obama. great--now supreme court justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone obama just stop already. #successbytrump exclusively available @macy s has set sale records for fastest selling cologne. makes a great gift. obama s spending and borrowing is burying america and destroying our children s future. does he even care? when we re talking about math that doesn t add up how about 5 trillion of deficits over the last four years. --@mittromney. amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from @espn to @politico to @wsj. alert--us jobless claims up 46000 to 388000. really bad news. 7.8 is now a fraud--not possible! looking forward to honoring the great dogan family & the success of the trump towers project in istanbul @followturkey annual gala dinner. lots of response to my pattinson kristen stewart reunion. she will cheat again--100 certain--am i ever wrong? @jeff coles i will--thanks. @antbaxter @mailonline they only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary which bombed . @womenzbinder check the records dummy--i was never a bush ii fan--he is why we have obama! the biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public there is no bigger thrill than that. --vince mcmahon @wwe. @loveandgarbage dopey--who went bankrupt you? i never did. @partycovemag @espn @politico @wsj thanks! newsweek ending print edition--sad. now my newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility. time to follow? a reader just sent me the following: i wanted to share with you something rather startling. on page 103 of cont. @g harwood because they are either jealous or losers or both . @darbizman thanks! robert i m getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump kristen- but i m right. if you saw the miss universe girls you would reconsider. i think the @yankees will win today. unlike a-rod cc is good under pressure. i hope a-rod plays however. now there is talk of a-rod being shipped to @marlins. if a-rod is not a @yankee next year the fans will be happy. derek jeter @yankees wants to rent an apartment. derek--only in a trump building--trump is lucky for you. while the next season of @celebapprentice is packed w all stars ours fans will be happy to see @joan rivers in the board room.she is back! bad sign for obama s campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states. their internals must be horrendous. when strasburg leaves @nationals for another team for more money will washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good? clinton commented in ohio today that @mittromney is right the economy has not been fixed under obama.i always said bill was an honest man. it s thursday. how much money did barack obama waste today on crony green energy projects? the last time i visited china i couldn t believe all the construction. you can go up with a project in a week--no red tape. my trump home mattress collection by serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal. you can order them at. @crazymom28 i have a friend that wants to meet your sister. @neanderthalman1 @mittromney i was referring of course to bill clinton s statement on the economy. @morali arch great to meet you also. @calumspence greatly appreciated thanks. @donmarie16 a total professional. @toddulu @nationals i hope that s the reason--otherwise just plain stupid. @youthpastordarr @seanhannity @megynkelly @johncena good luck! @waycooljr37 @nationals bob kraft & coach bill are far too smart! hey @rosie--how is your recovery going? i hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon! @gastronome2 i love india! the yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team? a penny saved is a penny earned. -- benjamin franklin. can t believe we are less than three weeks away from the election. time certainly flies! i ll be making a major announcement on president obama next week--stay tuned! @rosie @realdonaldtrump thanks for the info rosie--get well. .@evaemery thanks--you sound great! .@yankees should get rid of a-rod asap--i can t watch this guy anymore! something really bad happened to the @yankees psyche--much like our president! it is a great honor to have helped the community so much. with barry diller & tina brown in charge did anyone doubt that @newsweek would be a massive failure? great decision by donald graham @newsweek to sell. i ll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall. @evaemery never give up. you have what it takes. .@mittromney did a great job last night. watch the clip! obama said not optimal to ambassador & embassy killings--bad word usage for a harvard graduate. @misterjoe49 @yankees i agree but their careers weren t fueled by drugs. @jakfrombk thanks! why would ohio listen to bruce springsteen reading his lines? be careful or i will go to ohio and @mittromney will win it! i guess they dont have freedom of the press in scotland. we created this ad and the asa would not allow us to cont. .@lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad! for the truth about job creation in america go to a great site for employers to get the tools & information they need! congratulations to bernie marcus & herman cain @jobcreatorsusa on the #truthtour2012--all employers need to check this out! @d hastie @lancearmstrong no i said u.s. destroyed a once american icon. so many tweets & stories on stewart pattinson look it doesn t matter-- the relationship will never be the same. it is permanently broken. some of you were asking about the all-star line-up for celebrity apprentice. .@katyperry is no bargain but i don t like john mayer--he dates and tells--be careful katy just watch! . my interview with @ingrahamangle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7.8 number is a fraud. @stu120 no sadly not even close! via @craveonline: donald trump is not a-rod fan. yes--i will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming monday. maybe derek jeter should ask a-rod about renting his apartment next year. very soon a-rod won t need a place in nyc. obama has called libya attack a bump in the road and not optimal. just come clean already--tell americans the truth! newly released nh poll has @mittromney with a 1 point lead. mitt will pull away next week. @rickythebitch @ladygaga i think gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my miss universe pageant in vietnam 6 yrs ago should give me 25. @rginn 1 toledo is a great place--i ve been there & worked in cincinnati for 2 years--i love ohio. i hope @boyscouts of america handle their problems a lot better than the board at penn state did. you can t do any worse! a lot of the @yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season. they are lucky they don t have to deal with george steinbrenner. both barack and @mittromney were excellent at the al smith dinner last night! rev.@billygraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the christian community on @mittromney. rev. @billygraham is a great man and so is his son franklin graham. follow @melaniatrump s jewelry line on @qvc site. where were all the @vanityfair exposes on when rev. wright disciples go to washington? sad! .@vanityfair s terrible piece on mitt s faith is a new low even for them. can t wait for @vanityfair to fold which under graydon carter will be sooner rather than later. no surprise welfare spending is up over 30 under obama. he is the food stamp & welfare king. .@mittromney s @rnc convention came in over 3m under budget. baracks @dnc convention is over 10m in debt. what a surprise! 7.8 unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday.real unemployment is at least 15. derek jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in trump world tower. derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately. it will be lucky for him like in past. good luck to derek on his operation. i know it will be a success--- he is a great champion. fort hood shooting should be declared a terror attack. respect the wounded and dead. the biggest problem with a-rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the yankees--- he must go. don butler and executives are doing a great job at @cadillac--- the cars are fantastic. they succeed because they think they can. -- virgil. gas prices are at crazy levels--fire obama! derek get well soon the @yankees need youl. i will be live tweeting during the debate tonight. obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community & are very expensive & unreliable. people are going crazy with my comments on diet coke soda . let s face it--this stuff just doesn t work. it makes you hungry. stay tuned for my big obama announcement--- probably on wednesday. via @politico: donald trump claims barack obama bombshell. lots of autism and vaccine response. stop these massive doses immediately. go back to single spread out shots! what do we have to lose. autism rates through the roof--why doesn t the obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism. we lose nothing to try. .@toure when you are fired from msnbc for your bad ratings and racist coverage stop by and say hello. don t let obama play the iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful republicans! i wish tonight s debate would cover more than foreign policy. my son don and his wife vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named spencer frederick --very thrilling. .@toure i felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on @piersmorgan. he drove you insane but of course piers is a lot smarter than you. the brass in #trump tower s atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork. i keep the atrium impeccable. key to its success! obama planted that @nytimes story on iran so it will be discussed in tonight s debate. he wants libya and china off the table. this is my last election. after my election i have more flexibility. obama to @medvedevrussiae discussing our nuclear arsenal. obama is an easy target on foreign policy.@mittromney has many openings to attack especially when obama starts bragging about bin laden. everyone knows i am right that robert pattinson should dump kristen stewart. in a couple of years he will thank me. be smart robert. everybody is asking about my announcement this wednesday concerning barack obama---just wait and see! i look forward to @mittromney hitting obama hard tonight for lying about benghazi. cia told obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs. why don t we ask the navy seals who killed bin laden? they don t seem to be happy with obama claiming credit. all he did is say o.k. former obama white house economic adviser @austan goolsbee gave his old boss a c on the economy pretty generous! well this is it the final debate- let s see how it goes. i ll be tweeting live. bob schieffer will do a great job tonight. always treated me fairly. .@mittromney looks much calmer and obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward. stop congratulating obama for killing bin laden. the navy seals killed bin laden. #debate. i will be doing @squawkcnbc at 7:30. debate was somewhat hard to watch last night. viewership will be way down. the debate was pretty even but i thought mitt should have been much more aggressive on obama s failed foreign policy-- and i mean much more. 70 of the chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago at least someone has done well under obama. i always said that @lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges. by stopping he gave his enemies an opening. no matter what happens in the election @davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit. he has kept obama in it even with his terrible record. casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent from a director s point of view. -- steven spielberg. lance armstrong fought for 7 years & then just ran out of energy. very sad story--although they caught him red handed.he definitely cheated! doesn t the us have better things to do than to destroy an american hero for the world to see? now other cont. when the military informed obama that they had bin laden is there anyone with a brain that would not have said ok go get him ? the military and navy seals should be given more credit for bin laden s death not obama who works hard to take cont. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing last nights presidential debate my stock picks and tomorrows big announcement. .@mittromney should have been more aggressive last night. yet some polls have him winning the debate. mitt romney must start congratulating the navy seals and military on bin ladens killing not the president. china will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own! tomorrow i will be tweeting on only one subject! my announcement is tomorrow! barack obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after bin laden--- now he wants all of the credit! last night was the first time obama said we instead of i in respect to bin laden s killing. everyone is asking me to speak more on robert & kristen.i don t have time except to say robert drop her she cheated on you & will again! .@bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night. i only wish mitt was more aggressive! thank you to @dailytelegraph reviewer @neilmidgley who stated you ve been trumped was so biased in favour of the protesters... ...that it was hard not to end up rooting for trump... .@bbc should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--& yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course. no wonder @bbc is in such big trouble & boss was just fired--they are lost. if you like having the world collapse and being told america is leading from behind--vote obama. this is not a media event or about donald j. trump--- this is about the united states of america. i will be cont. this is not a media event or about donald j. trump--- this is about the united states of america. i will be... invincibility lies in the defence the possibility of victory in the attack. -- sun tzu. story will be released today at 12 noon est on twitter and facebook. all predictions re: my 12 o clock release are totally incorrect. stay tuned! you have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing! watch my announcement now press release to follow at 12:15. as stated here is the press release. the response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming! thank you! virtually all presidents and candidates including john mccain bill clinton george h.w. bush and george w. bush... rt @reuterspolitics: trump to give 5 million to charity if obama releases records. my offer to obama is about transparency. in 2008 american people were sold on hope and change. this our last chance to get the full record. third rate @politico took every negative tweet or response they could find & put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive. glad to hear @seanhannity supports my offer to obama. as sean says it is an easy 5 million to charity. what does obama have to lose? i just learned that @politico has no credibility--total phonies that don t report the truth. a puppet of obama? rt @apcampaign:trump to obama: 5 million donation to charity if you release passport and college records #election2012. i am happy to donate 5 million to a charity barack obama chooses. all i am asking is that he is transparent with the american people. obama has no problem leaking national security secrets. why can t he release his records? especially when 5m is going to charity. ... by releasing his records he can come clean with the american people and have 5 million go to a charity. in light the benghazi emails released last night it is apparent that obama has no problem lying to the american public... glad to hear north carolina is solid for @mittromney. it started trending for mitt solidly after my speech at the @ncgop convention. just stated by a total pro: you are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking. trump offers 5 million for obama college passport records by @alexpappasdc @dailycaller. donald trump announcement: 5 million for obama college records via @newsmax media. trumps big announcement: hell give 5 million to charity of obamas choice if... by @billyhallowell @theblaze. my @gretawire interview discussing my 5m charitable offer to obama his lack of transparency & my tremendous support. i am happy to have started #obamasfavoritecharity. really enjoying reading everyone s tweets. how does @michellemalkin get a conservative platform? she is a dummy--just look at her past. excited to announce that @giulianarancic & @bravoandy will be hosting the 2012 miss universe pageant. great ratings for miss universe. miss universe 2012 pageant will be airing live on @nbc & @telemundo december 19th. open invite stands for robert pattinson. still waiting for an explanation about why @giulianarancic & @billrancic did not name their son donald. unbelievable. .@barbarajwalters @theviewtv barbara unfortunately you ve missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don t get it! .@barbarajwalters @theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when i was right about @rosie. besides i get great ratings on the view. .@barbarajwalters @theviewtv--why did you choose me as one of the 10 most fascinating people of the year last season and more than once? our side needs donald trump. -- @anncoulter on @seanhannitys show last night. thanks ann. i am offering the chance for barack obama to redistribute 5m to any charity of his choice. everyone wins. take the deal. .@mark sanchez shouldnt be too upset over @evalongoria. he will always do great! @michellemalkin i fully supported mccain but when he lost hoped obama would be great for u.s. --- he wasn t. what will be the response on wednesday? if obama doesn t take the 5 million dollars for charity. @politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting. trump offers to donate 5 million to charity if obama releases college transcripts via @rcpvideo. i hope derek jeters recovery is going well. he is a very special player and a great guy. new york loves him. @yankees. china is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports we need @mittromney to rein them in. yesterday barack obama said he wants wind turbines manufactured here in china i don t think this was a gaffe. for someone who demanded 20 years of mitt s tax returns you would think my offer to donate 5m to charity for his records is an easy go. six days and counting until my offer to barack obama expires... doing david letterman @late show tonight at 11:30. 1st nite of sweeps.going into the lion s den but i ve been there many times before. enjoy. it is really a shame that barack obama may stop 5m from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent. the dealmaker is cunning secretive focused and never settles for less than he wants. --the america we deserve. letterman @late show was great last night. i had a lot of fun. you could see his audience really wanted obama to take the for charity. lots of response that obama should give the 5m to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in benghazi. another great charity that the 5m could go to just a recommendation to the pres. - the wounded warriors represented so well by @traceadkins. ....instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause. based on the ovation last night from the letterman @late show audience i believe it will be hard for obama to throw 5m down the drain.... .@sabrinasiddiqui re: taylor and conor--great news for taylor! @erizzle05 only because he has something to hide. @ryanseven sounds like a good idea. @lianneonlife i love the wounded warriors--obama should choose that as his 5m charity. the letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my 5 million dollar offer to charity.... @tylarreese thanks tylar. @seketa77 i hope so for the charity s sake. @yewkalaylee great idea. ... i will soon start naming magazines that i think will fold--i predicted newsweek. i knew last year that @time magazine lost all credibility when they didn t include me in their top 100... dopey arianna @huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story...but i hear she is in big trouble! ...a real loser named tim o brien--and it s never recovered. stupid arianna @huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great nytimes business section... @mrjmf1 @late show thanks i will. @maureenperonne @late show thanks it was a great show.. @destiny 113 @stephenathome i agree. @mikempef thanks i hope you enjoyed it had a great time. what a dumb mistake aol made buying the @huffingtonpost. how much longer will arianna last--i predict not much. @crushthespirit true! a clip from last night s @late show where i detail my charitable offer to obama and dave describes his terrible grades. watch me explain on the @late show how my charitable offer to obama changes the election and is about transparency. one of my many twitter followers suggested obama should take my offer & give 1250000 to each family of the four... wow! letterman show @late show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest? djt. the election is still close but trending toward @mittromney. he leads all national polls and obama s likeability is imploding. vote! be careful of an obama bomb to win election! would be a horrible thing to do. obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester. the middle east is a mess. yet colin powell still endorses him. wonder why? ...colin powell thought iraq has weapons of mass destruction. by the way where is @oprah? good question. 4 years ago she strongly supported obama--now she is silent. anyway who cares i adore oprah. pretty audacious for obama to call @mittromney a bser when he has lied about so much we don t have room to write. looking forward to being the special guest at tonight s dutchess county #gop dinner--to a sold out crowd. it will be great fun. where s the transparency? despite obama s denial @sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with jeremiah wright. my fellow tea party friends in ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can gotv election day. know you can! must win ohio. i have decided to add a caveat to my offer. obama can t decide to send my 5m to rev. wright if he releases his records. sarah jessica parker voted unsexiest woman alive i agree. she said its beneath me to comment on the... donald trump defends his big obama bombshell: it s not a publicity stunt via @eonline. great! last night @celebapprentice winner @johnrich & alumni @realmeatloaf packed oh stadium rallying w @mittromney. barack obama has everything to gain. why would anyone ever deny 5m to charity? if my offer is refused every undecided oh voter will be fully aware that obama denied 5m to charity all because he is hiding something! if obama doesn t accept my offer to be fully transparent what will he say? watch obama s favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn t accept my charitable offer. no one approves cont. donald trump tells @theblaze about his obama announcement: passport applications tell you a lot by @billyhallowell. i hear they are very unhappy w arianna and @huffingtonpost at @aol. ill bet she wont be there for long! before star jones begged me to put her on the apprentice she was professionally dead. i saved her tiny... the today show should call me about who to put on the show i know more about people who get ratings than anyone. i want to end the day by saying there is no check i would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our president. i put @donnydeutsch on apprentice at his request i did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my obama announcement. @donnydeutsch tries so hard to be a star. but he just doesn t have what it takes...and he never will. alert...the president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in benghazi. he did nothing...he is no leader. @bernard mcguirk thanks for being so nice and defending me on o reilly...you re terrific! @bernardmcguirk. that s more than o reilly did ...and he is supposed to be my friend. you re terrific! @johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy. but the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy. fight on john! a lot changed when david letterman said he was probably born in this country --- the word probably is a total disaster for obama. many people are saying that my challenge to obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- i agree. .@bettemidler talks about my hair but i m not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so i won t. is this a double standard? while @bettemidler is an extremely unattractive woman i refuse to say that because i always insist on being politically correct. i guess @billmaher saw my ratings on the @late show the other night where letterman beat leno. bill you are no letterman. what people don t know about @billmaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early cont. i m not hearing much from obama or his administration about my 5m offer to charity or to which charity the money will go. dave letterman @late show said during my interview that obama was probably born in the us--the word probably is a disaster for obama. obama lied 100 about libya and the killings--emails are absolute. he must release his records on wednesday and stop the lies. i always said obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country. the storm could be very good for him as he cont. many people walked out on madonna s concert when she told them to vote for obama. years ago i walked out because the concert was terrible! so far the hurricane is being handled very well in ny not nearly as bad as stated on news. let s see what happens later. we are taking care of hundreds of people in the trump tower atrium--they are seeking refuge. free coffee and food. direct view of crane from apartment window. crane was never properly secured blowing in the breeze. if authorities need direct view from top of trump tower call office. all weights are on crane s wrong side --- very precarious below move out! the water damage to nyc is amazing. the winds were bad but the water was worse. i saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm. hurricane is good luck for obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars. not only giving out money but obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real president --- don t fall for it. because of the hurricane i am extending my 5 million dollar offer for president obama s favorite charity until 12pm on thursday. i am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap i would have been lambasted from coast to coast. people having a great time in the trump tower atrium --- unlike others i stayed open. don t let obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states. remember this: obama wants to raise taxes @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more! the trump tower atrium is such a great place & kept thousands of people warm & safe during the storm--thanks staff! so many incredible friends said thanks for tt help --- i say thanks to you! the election is trending towards @mittromney. americans know we can t afford another 4 years of the obama economic decline. these last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4 gdp. obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in american history. my @extratv interview before hurricane sandy explaining that i would be staying in trump tower during the storm. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the 57th st. crane damage from the storm and extending my 5m offer to obama. another great cause obama could send my 5m donation to is a charity for 9 11 first responders. they are american heroes. i never fall for scams. i am the only person who immediately walked out of my ali g interview. without focus it s just impossible to be successful at anything. --midas touch. how did obama go to a las vegas fundraiser on 9.12 the day after he refused to send help to americans in benghazi? lets be honest if obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm then he would have been in ohio on monday. glad to hear that @taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the grammy nominations special on 12.5. taylor is terrific! @digiphile @redcross rt if you think pres.obama should release his records to get 5m for charity--for red cross or another great charity. why does obama believe he shouldn t comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition? hiding something? people are happy that i left the trump tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out. scary. obama and the democrat senate have accrued over 5t worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years. 4 more years? maybe obama should donate my 5m to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm? chinas stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses their market gains the day we are hit by storm. fans shouldn t worry. we have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of @celebapprentice appropriately due to the storm. the polls & momentum are trending towards @mittromney. don t let the hurricane change your thinking! watch me tonight on late night with jimmy fallon.photo: lloyd bishop nbc. the president has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up 5m for his favorite charity. looking like he won t be doing it. what is he hiding? i m not hearing much from obama or his administration about my 5m offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go. watch the clip from @late show where the crowd cheers after i explain that my offer is about transparency. i was standing with @shaq when a young high school star kevin garnett @celtics said to a crowd forget shaq i want to meet donald trump. kevin garnett s response to ray allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific. a champion! part 1 of my @jimmyfallon interview discussing my 5m offer to obama #trump tower atrium my tweets & 57th st. crane. part 2 of my @jimmyfallon interview giving away some @celebapprentice spoilers & discussing 2012 miss universe pageant. .@oreillyfactor called me a master marketeer last night--i am not. i am a great builder--i build great things & people come. an amazing article by kevin gabriel- a must read by friends and foes of president obama. end date is tomorrow at noon. congratulations kevin gabriel on your amazing article. if i were a journalist this would be the next watergate and i would be a star. how many illegal foreign donations will obama collect this final week? another scandal ignored by the liberal media. today barack obama is standing in water in nj. remember on election day that he has put the us underwater. in the spirit of transparency obama should immediately release the 9.11 tape of tyrone woods pleading for military support in benghazi. .@disney s acquisition of lucas film is a smart deal for both sides. disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue. looking at the figures and plans behind @disney s acquisition of lucas film makes you realize how stupid @aol cont. there is nothing i would be happier to do than to donate the 5m to a charity of obamas choice once he releases all of his records. a lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with obamas lack of transparency. i don t blame them. how does a dummy like @billmaher get a television show--& his ratings stink. you d think @hbo could do a lot better. #trump international reality will be americas premiere real estate brokerage house w the most distinctive services. spoiler--@dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of @celebapprentice... congratulations to @mittromney on getting the @dmregister @newyorkpost @newyorkobserver & @nashuatelegraph endorsements! thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the trump tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #sandy. my honor. president obama please take the 5m check for charity tomorrow. it is so easy and could do so much good! president obama if it is important to you i will substantially increase the 5m offer! a lot of people are concerned about which charity my 5m will be donated to. the onus is on obama to first release his records. obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a president--give me a break. @stass13 thanks! the successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- dale carnegie. it s 10 am: two hours to go for obama to easily pick up millions for charity! from 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the east coast. do you believe @algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane? let s continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories & manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming. china is so happy! you know the world is crazy when new york gets hit by a hurricane-- and florida doesn t. romneys 2 billion sacrifice for america by chris ruddy @newsmax media. to all @mittromney supporters make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can gotv on election day. why is obamas auto bailout now creating jobs in china? he is ruining american industry. obama is a terrible negotiator. he bails out chrysler and now chrysler wants to send all jeep manufacturing to china--and will! president obama missed the deadline! i will soon be releasing my response to the fact that president obama refused to show his applications and records to the public. press release. video response to follow. my video response to president obama s lack of transparency. if i would have offered obama a billion dollars to show his records he would have refused. everybody knows why obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say! nice to see obama released a situation room photo from sandy. how about releasing the photo taken during benghazi? what is your thought as to why obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications? how could obama leave those american heroes out to die in benghazi? and he continues to lie to the public! i will start reviewing various political reporters etc & websites as to their professionalism & fairnessmany people asking for this. next year i will be changing the name of 800 acre doral to trump national doral. it will be the best resort in the countrymiami is hot! it was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can t be good for obama. with long gas lines & total disarray from storm the hurricane may yet be a negative for obama. .@chrysler disputes my statement--but watch chrysler move @jeep jobs to china after the election. we should not allow @chrysler to move @jeep jobs to china after they said they wouldn t--stay tuned! .@ralphgilles of chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional. .@barbarajwalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly i won t be able to do it. .@thereval came to my trump tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice apology accepted! i m sending lots of bottled water out to staten island & long island. people are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country. interestingly the hurricane may now be a disaster for obama s reelection because of his grandstanding. how about president obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction. unemployment is now 7.9 . four years and 6.5t later that is really bad! we don t need a secretary of business to understand business we need a president who understands business and i do -- @mittromney. obama our welfare & food stamp president is praising himself for expanding welfare he doesn t believe in work. .@eagles should sit michael vick. he is a great athlete but less than average quarterback. a-rod is now looking for an expensive home in beverly hills--why aren t the @yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation? i have an idea for a-rod---buy a home at @trumpgolfla overlooking the pacific--will bring you better luck. obama has destroyed the middle class. in 09 median household income was 55198. now it is 50678. four more years? global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked. a wonderful place. could be the hurricane helps @mittromney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline. reality tvs #1 bad girl @omarosa is back on the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. she is great as always. make sure to catch @historys season finale of the men who built america on sun november 11th. great show. go as far as you can see when you get there you ll be able to see farther. -- j.p. morgan. obama promised 5.2 unemployment by october 2012. his promises are worthless! castro chavez and ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results. they are praying obama wins. concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding obama s policies are unsustainable. members from obama s own job council are endorsing @mittromney not surprising. considering obama hasnt proposed anything concrete if he wins he wont have a mandate. another 4 years of legislative stalemate. in the heart of the city trump international toronto is the city s most elite property true luxury at its finest. i think @thereval should take this challenge. axelrod was too scared. rt: @ronkaufmanintrn: kaufstache vs. sharpstache. pennsylvania is in play @mittromney. all undecideds in philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on @israel? undecideds in ohpa and wi will make the difference. all should ask themselves if they want 6 gallon gas because it will come under obama. obama s war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years. 4 more years?? we dont want to have a recount in any of the battleground states. obama will steal it. make sure all your friends and family vote. gary johnson is asking people to waste their vote on him. make it count - vote for @mittromney. trump hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims...we love doing it! make sure you get out and vote...most important election of our generation...go romney! @mittromney will turn this mess around! remember when you vote obamacare is a disaster! this is a time for big ideas. this is a time for real reform for a real recovery. -- @paulryanvp. .@ralphreed is doing a great job! @eheinlen yes. @tricketttweeter no his facts are very bad for him. @ewim55 then he wouldn t be president. @lorrainejuliet @edltrobinson @floridajayhawk @hannityshow must be careful & smart! remember go vote--we need real change this time. .@cnn is looking at jeff zucker to lead them out of the forest--jeff would be a great choice. thank you to @piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the @hollywoodreporter. get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---. its extremely cold in ny & njnot good for flood victims. where is global warming? great article in the @newyorkpost by ben garrett-- don t blame sandy on global warming. we can t destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming. china is thrilled with us! nice mention by brian kelly conservative action alerts. my @foxandfriends interview discussing @newsdays endorsement of @mittromney tomorrow s election and sandy s victims. obamas policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75x faster than job production we can t afford 4 more years. in 08 america voted for hope & change. instead we got incompetency. now it is time to put a real job creator in office. vote 4 mitt! dummy @mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself! only 1 mill. dollars @mcuban? offer me real money and id consider it. your team and networks lose so much money i doubt you have much left! .@mcuban when apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with the benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for @abc. don t believe chrysler if obama wins --see how fast @jeep production will be moved to china--and i ll be watching! like al sharpton @donnydeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on @todayshow--apology accepted! @acman84 true! @ojmart thank you! obama is angry frustrated and desperate. he said voting is the best revenge he is divisive. via @wsj: a new direction for america by @mittromney. i believe in the america that never gives up never stops striving never ceases believing in itself. -- @mittromney 11.2.12. .@mcuban baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didnt want you to buy a team--- but i dont think you have the money anyway. obama just stated it s always good to ignore donald trump. i state he is right especially when the truth is against him. .@mcuban shark tank was shoved to friday evening-- friday is considered dead television. besides you are not the star & never will be . after 13 seasons @apprenticenbc easily beat shark tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well. .@mcuban letterman @late show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed. people don t care about mark cuban. @mcuban ---- do you mean the president s birthplace? tomorrows election will have historic repercussions for our country. make america strong again. vote for @mittromney. voting for @govgaryjohnson is voting for obama--don t waste your vote! .@abfalecbaldwin they were rising in the 1950 s then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity. .@abfalecbaldwin p.s. your brother @stephenbaldwin7 is doing very well on @apprenticenbc--and he stated he adores you. china is worried. the polls are trending for @mittromney. they wont be able to steal from us anymore. the outer boroughs of manhattan are still devasted by sandy. how would the press cover this if a republican was president. benghazi is bigger than watergate. dont let obama get away with allowing americans to die. kick him out of office tomorrow. tune in for #trumptuesday on @squawkcnbc tomorrow morning. go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time! answer to your questions- i will be voting at 10:30 am at lighthouse international 110 east 60th street manhattan. i was invited to be with mitt romney tonight --- win lose or draw ill be there! why is obama playing basketball today? that is why our country is in trouble! before you vote think: obama wants to raise taxes @mittromney wants to lower taxes--need i say more! despite the upcoming election the cover of paper-thin time magazine looks like an ad for the movie lincoln--sad! the apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations donald! if you voted for obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid. thanks walter d! remember: obama turned down 5m to charity which i said i would increase by 10x to 50m--just to show simple records. he s hiding lots! @spencerljackson yes! @jtylerdowling thanks. @ngen52 i never went bankrupt. me voting--- it really is my hair! watch this behind the scenes video of @ivankatrump s fall 2012 collection photo shoot-. the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make u.s. manufacturing non-competitive. in the 1950s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years. the new black panthers are back at the same philly polling station from 08 don t let them intimidate you! make sure to vote today. vote for real change. change that will deliver jobs and a free & strong america. vote for @mittromney. very dangerous pattern developing across country by obama supporters. detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun. save medicare. vote for @mittromney. he will repeal obamacare on day one. my @squawkcnbc interview discussing the close election the enthusiasm gap between mitt & obama & the fiscal cliff. change cant be measured in speeches. it is measured in achievements. -- @mittromney yesterday in fairfax va. more reports of voting machines switching romney votes to obama. pay close attention to the machines don t let your vote be stolen. make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote. if you have any problems notify the poll workers. yesterday obama campaigned with jayz & springsteen while hurricane sandy victims across ny & nj are still decimated by sandy. wrong! now chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market china wants to deplete our resources here at home. if you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from obama supporters make sure you report it immediately. watch obama refuse to call benghazi a terrorist attack on 9.12 what took @cbs so long to release this footage? obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the american public. he can t. @tappersong thanks gary. the federal gov. has handled sandy worse than katrina. there is no excuse why people dont have electricity or fuel yet. .@abfalecbaldwin alec--it s not science it s a con--read the e-mails. the federal gov. has handled sandy worse than katrina. there is no excuse why people don t have electricity or fuel yet. do we still want a president who bows to the saudis and lets opec rip us off? make america strong vote for @mittromney. i have had the pleasure of getting to know @anndromney & @mittromney this past year. they love america. let s push them over the top today. i love show law and order but the @mrbelzer casting is the worst ever. no talent--unwatchable! .@mrbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on law and order? whoever wins today remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling. our work is not done until america is strong again. truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light. --george washington. @dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on access hollywood. you are a great person and talent...i adore you! well back to the drawing board! we can t let this happen. we should march on washington and stop this travesty. our nation is totally divided! lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice! the world is laughing at us. this election is a total sham and a travesty. we are not a democracy! our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble...like never before. our nation is a once great nation divided! the electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. hopefully the house of representatives can hold our country together for four more years...stay strong and never give up! house of representatives shouldn t give anything to obama unless he terminates obamacare. p.s. 42 in queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for rockaway residents #hurricanesandyrelief. ive sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of queens today #trumpcares. trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit rockaways residents #sandy. .@bwilliams knows that i think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night. the only thing more boring than @bwilliams newscast is his show rock center which is totally dying in the ratingsa disaster! .@bwilliams--wouldn t you love to have my ratings? the voting booth process was a total disasterit could and should be much better and more efficienttremendous room for error! brian--thanks dummy--i picked up 70000 twitter followers yesterday alone. cable news just passed you in the ratings. @nbcnightlynews. brian i hope @nbcnightlynews isn t paying you too much--look at what s happening to nightly news. brian williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such. people will learn the truth! @nbcnightlynews. brian if i m well past the last exit to relevance how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night? @nbcnightlynews. this was the republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow. another four years--not good for the country but we ll have to live with it! our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together! we have to make america great again! it s freezing and snowing in new york--we need global warming! amazing various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn t care about... pervert alert. @repweiner is back on twitter. all girls under the age of 18 block him immediately. millions without electricity across ny & nj. the media has covered for obamas massive failure. can you imagine if this was another pres? congrats to @karlrove on blowing 400 million this cycle. every race @crossroadsgps ran ads in the republicans lost. what a waste of money. the stock market and us dollar are both plunging today. welcome to @barackobamas second term. beijing had a bigger celebration than chicago last night. the chinese are happier with the election than we are. it has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle. we will fight on! now that the election is over watch chrysler ship @jeep production to china--my prediction. a man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason. -- j. p. morgan. thank you to joe passov travelin joe of golf magazine for the great article. .@hardball chris says hes glad we had a hurricane! with many people dying and thousands hurting msnbc cont. a test: tweet me the reason @billmaher was fired from @abc other than his bad ratings . tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire @hardball chris for his comments on sandy & the death & destruction it caused. ...i trounced him in ratings & letterman beat @jayleno last thursday. brianare you irrelevant? letterman @late show had brian williams @nbcnightlynews as guest last night i was on last thursday. it is that time of the year. the trump wollman skating rink is open to the public in central park. the greatest ice rink in the country. russian leaders are publicly celebrating obama s reelection. they can t wait to see how flexible obama will be now. i started to get very worried about mitt s chances when i heard that a-rod donated to his campaign. everything a-rod touches turns bad. i will and i agree! rt @zacharyquinto@realdonaldtrump you can t possibly make any more money. so why don t you make a difference instead?! obama s administration is now openly admitting it expects us credit downgraded again thanks for letting us know now. no surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating obama s win. they love a weak america that they can rip off. .@davidaxelrod i m sending you a check to help find a cure. @ivankatrump says hi. with taxes set to go up and obama about to cut the mortgage deduction now is the time to buy a house if you can. can get a great deal. at the end of the day obama won the battleground states by less than 500000 votes. this was a winnable race. gop needs to do better! china s communist party has now publicly praised obama s reelection. they have never had it so good. will own america soon. china s submarines will soon be carrying nukes they will be sent to patrol our coasts obama won t do anything. china is heavily investing in building its own jet engine they will end up stealing the design from us as usual. remember to watch the series finale of the men who built america this sunday at 8 7c on @history. romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in florida and ohio & he would be president. polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for obama on his win- isn t that ridiculous? remember to watch the series finale of the men who built america this sunday at 8 7c on @history. of the 9 battleground states we only carried north carolina. i m proud of @ncgop & glad i delivered keynote at their state convention. the election was a major setback for economy. all young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate obama s policies into their investments. robert pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of twilight. he took my advice on kristen stewart...i hope! i received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in trump tower during sandy. it was my pleasure to help. i got to know @johnboehner very wellhe is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country! 9 million fewer people voted for obama this election than last & yet the republicans lostdo you think they might be doing something wrong! @antbaxter @salon @antbaxterapprentice is a huge hit all over the world. your cheap & boring documentary is a tremendous flop. why do so many people say i hate president obamai dont hate the president at all. i just disagree with his policies! .@antbaxteryour documentary works better than any sleeping pillin fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage! .@antbaxterheard your documentary cost you less than 3000 to makewhere did you get that kind of money? .@antbaxter dummythanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in aberdeensales are thru the roof & aberdeen seeing big benefits. .@antbaxter i predict somebody is going to sue you! .@antbaxter anthonydid you illegally take clips from the letterman @late show show and @golfchannel without their approval? .@antbaxter only the stupid @bbc would air your garbageno wonder they are in such deep trouble. .@cyndilauper condolences on the passing of your uncle and best wishes. its hard to believe that we are rationing gas in nyc. opec is laughing all the way to the bank. price gouging at many gas stations 10 a gallon--welcome to the new world. shes baaack! @rosie needs me to salvage her dying career. but it wont help-- shes got no talent & no persona. too many tv cancellations! everybody wants me to talk about robert pattinson and not brian williamsi guess people just dont care about brian! i just passed a 10 block long gas line going to lga airport a terrible situation! wow i never saw the petraeus thing coming. a straight laced guy! very sad for him and his family. i m a skeptical guy but i don t believe petraeus used this to get out of the benghazi hearings. i love twitter.... it s like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses. thanks- many are saying i m the best 140 character writer in the world. it s easy when it s fun. never ever quit never give up - donald j. trump the art of the deal. many political pundits are using the term art of the deal .... they should thank me. that is my term and book title. aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great scottish golf club. the people of scotland love trump international golf links. trump international golf links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world. virtually all reviews are saying the same thing. i am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects. whenever i tweet some call it a tirade..totally dishonest! when someone attacks me i always attack back...except 100x more. this has nothing to do with a tirade but rather a way of life! we just passed 1.9m followers & gained over 250000 followers in the last month.thank you--let s have fun and do business. yesterday was veterans day. i hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored. this nation loves and respects all of you. surprise-in a post-election delayed release food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high. businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees hours due to obama care. reality is setting in. how come every time i show anger disgust or impatience enemies say i had a tantrum or meltdownstupid or dishonest people? no surprise that @bbc is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism. any network that airs @antbaxters garbage has zero credibility. scary in the past 90 days obama has set over 6125 regulatory burdens terrible for the economy. strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective. -- andrew mellon. .@davidaxelrod david--thank you my great honor for a very worthy cause! my fragrance-- success -- is flying off the shelves @macys. the perfect christmas gift! ...they are costly inefficient bird killing community destroying machines. they are obsolete! @maddow. .@maddow standing in front of wind turbines is sad. rachel windmills are terrible for the environment. after fridays twilight release i hope robert pattinson will not be seen in public with kristen--she will cheat on him again! the sex scandal at the cia and pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute! don t forget benghazi. our 17t national debt and 1t yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order. paula broadwell s book on gen. petreus is titled all in. did she know something? .@cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career! general petreus and his family are paying a big price! .@cher--i dont wear a rugits mine. and i promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didnt work. its amazing how people can talk about me but im not allowed to talk about them. first of all you don t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal. @natrat86 don t be scared--we will come back. @jackmarkou @celebapprentice @piersmorgan he is on and he s great! @krnspeech @celebapprentice @donaldjtrumpjr sunday march 3--thanks! the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. vince lombardi. the upcoming record 13th season of @celebapprentice is going to be very special. our production team s ingenuity is amazing. you can have the best product in the world but if people don t know about it it s not going to be worth much. - the art of the deal. help those affected by #sandy. @trumpsoho is giving 10 per booking made by 11 23 to @redcross for #sandyrelief. gen. petraeus has agreed to testify in the senate on benghazi. i will be watching. celebrate 2013 @trumpsoho with downtown s nicest #nye party. get your tickets now:. to aspiring entrepreneurs always remember that if your enemies arent talking about you then you arent doing well...and must work harder! had a great time going over renovations for trump national doral this past weekend. it is going to be amazing. i never did give anybody hell. i just told the truth and they thought it was hell. --harry s. truman. the blue monster at trump national doral. trump towers istanbul sisli will be one of the countrys top landmarks. obamas own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of obama care the new reality. a former classmate roy eaton has published a great book makers shakers & takers check it out. social media has changed the news & communication landscape for good. everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day. busy dayworking on buying a major propertyand creating lots of jobs. @guitartrashjb thanks! @relmark thanks mark. @riggs deb @erictrump i agree he is amazing. .@wendywilliams thanks for the nice statement especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated. @cher old story one of which i publicly disapproved. my sons love hunting i dont. just signed contract to purchase the ritz carlton in jupiter florida--great land great location great future! @erekclementson thanks erek. @jsunday72 thank you joey. @snugglebun31 i did--thanks for remembering. @pehbho i will paul thanks. @kimberlyykitten interesting! @statereform @macys you sound great! @robertcherry1 fantastic! @rcthompson01 @cher i agree. our country is being torn apart from the inside--it s getting nasty out there. @mllemariani i agree! announced 3 years ago that scottish course would close in winter like kingsbarns and others--too cold. golf bookings for next season on scottish course are already double our projections for april openinggreat news... donald trump s guns by @emilymiller @washtimes. yesterday the christmas tree arrived at rockefeller plaza. an iconic event for new york! don t assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt. think like a billionaire. all our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. walt disney. with our record debt & trillion deficits our is now at an all-time low against the chinese yuan. time for our gov t to work together. if the government doesn t start working together the media is right & we will hit a fiscal cliff. we need to avoid this. @rcvenables it is thanks. @jenke2501 i understand your message. @briannaturano good! @nylandermax thanks! @emc xoxo thanks! @dxerebl they must actually like me! @amanda berens true! @traderexpert thanks! @korkyelmst you are very nice thank you. president obama we need to protect our closest ally israel. the situation in the middle east is at a tipping point. a house divided against itself cannot stand. --abraham lincoln. @laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show! i have an open door policy for my employees. i m accessible because i like to know what s going on. -- the midas touch. congratulations to @mets @radickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the cy young award! trump could be great friend if second amendment enthusiasm is real via @sfluxe. fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the president and congress---washington must come together and make a deal. with the run on our dollar about to take place commodity prices will rise. gold silver & timber will spike-- also certain real estate. much as it pays to emphasize the positive there are times when the only choice is confrontation. the art of the deal. now china is trying to take over a u.s. airbase this is only the beginning. they only understand toughness! .@laurenscruggs who was badly injured by an airplane was great on the today show! @realdonaldtrump @laurenscruggs lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration. the mar-a-lago club in palm beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling! it makes me feel so good to hit sleazebags back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist which i never have! .@chelseahandlerstop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend backa lost causehe can do much better! .@chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather gross show--i have less interest in you than andre. my @foxandfriends interview discussing the benghazi cover-up hostess closing & celebrating thanksgiving with family. everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for pr--sorry but i must. it s my nature. does anyone really believe that president obama found out about petraeus immediately after the election? the hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make. all because of me- people dont care about you cher. @cher my week on twitter 1k retweets 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions. .@redcross ceos salary in 2011 was 951957. where is the outrage? ...while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar. she should be ashamed! .@unicef caryl m. stern ceo is driving around in a rolls royce... ... ...do your research before donating this holiday season! reports are out there that many ceos of charities are getting overpaid while their causes are seeing very little... rapper mac miller s song donald trump has reached close to 72 million hits. he owes me big! don t take vacations. what s the point? if you re not enjoying your work you re in the wrong job. -- think like a billionaire. the world bank is tying poverty to climate change and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective. petraeus is already negotiating a book deal. smart. always negotiate when you are a hot commodity! @bluecollar96 dummy--i never went bankrupt. remember victims of hurricane sandy during thanksgiving. many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort.their lives are in turmoil! we are fully supportive of @israel s right to defend itself. -- @barackobama--very good i like it. don t go around saying the world owes you a living. the world owes you nothing. it was here first. -- mark twain. washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff. if taxes are raised they must come with real hard cuts. ... it is time to get out and rebuild our own nation. we should remember that during this entire petraeus episodeover 50 of our nation s bravest have died in afghanistan... i gave out the male athlete of the year award last night to my friend @michaelphelps22 olympic medalsa record that will never be broken. flashback donald trump answers boys prayer for new bike via @foxnewsinsider. ... at st. jude children s research hospital -- i am proud of you eric. the @erictrumpfdn is doing amazing work helping the children... what you dream about is what you do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big. --think big. the upcoming all star season of @celebapprentice has @lisarinna returning to compete. she doesnt disappoint! even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate. think like a billionaire. the eu just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax. i bet they wish they had all that money back! a must read for any country or community considering wind turbines. i am going to give @rosie a pass. @rosie is desperate to get back on tv so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled. i was nice to loser @rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully. they only fade when you hit them hard! the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. -- douglas macarthur. ...expect the country to be further downgraded in the future. the rich are all leaving! france was just stripped of its aaa bond rating. with the pms radical tax rates... obama met with chinese premier wen yesterday and talked trade. the chinese are robbing us blind--be tough! if everyone is thinking alike then somebody isn t thinking. --george s. patton. @hkshel thanks keith! @blueprintbullie a great compliment. @corene7 thank you! @manos panos love what you do! @saygo p i am very truthful! @mrsaliciaparks thanks! @dleagency @michaelphelps true! @michaelrubinton work hard! @jixllr thanks! @kc5yvv thanks! @kabarzombie69 it will be great! the holiday season in new york city is a very special time. i love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #trump tower atrium. we are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction. -- douglas macarthur. ...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. -- harry s. truman. a pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... .@trumpsoho has just been awarded the aaa five diamond award. congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work. .@latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming all star season of @celebapprentice. amazing in the boardroom... pres. obamas steady support of @israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war. he did a good job. i hope washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff. both sides need to work together. direct foreign investments continue to flow into china at over 100b a year that s money that could be spent here. for those asking my son @erictrump makes zero running his charity & raises a great deal of all of it for @stjude @erictrumpfdn. i am having 600 thanksgiving dinners sent to the rockaways--prepared by my wonderful trump grill trump tower staff. #sandyrelief. it does not cost anything to dream. spend your time enjoying your big dreams. -- think big. on december 19th the @missuniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers. @nbc. i also protect myself by being flexible. i never get too attached to one deal or one approach. the art of the deal. happy thanksgiving to everyone--i love you all even my many enemies sometimes! . the dying ny daily news put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize obama...totally false! the dishonest ny daily news reporter advised my rep in writing story is dead and then put it out anyway. a total lie and she knew it! my kids never negatively discussed my criticism of president obama with me or anyone...it s not in their nature! hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving. but get ready our country is in big trouble! if you treat people right they will treat you right...ninety percent of the time. -- franklin d. roosevelt. congratulations to the rolling stones on marking their 50th anniversary in london. most people can learn from their own experiences quite well but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others. -- the way to the top. if taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff then they must be accompanied by tangible hard cuts on spending everywhere. windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil a 34 higher mortality rate than coal alone. outrageous! in war there is no substitute for victory. -- douglas macarthur. think of yourself like a one-man army. you re not only the commander in chief you re the soldier as well. think like a billionaire. glad to see 9 more iraq and afghan war veterans joining the next congress they deserve to be there! democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely... ... i never felt that i could let up for a moment. -- harry s. truman. a president either is constantly on top of events or if he hesitates events will soon be on top of him... take a chance! all life is a chance. the man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -- dale carnegie. you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. -- think big. wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are locatedall for unreliable bad & expensive energy! rt @newsmax media: donald trump: mean-spirited gop won t win elections @realdonaldtrump via @newsmax media. .@huffingtonpost actually gave me a positive story yesterday! glad to see my interview with ronald kessler @newsmax media. hopefully the @gop can get the message. when youre hot the lowlifes really shoot at you... and they try hitting from every angle! never let the bastards get you down. @shanedent agreed. @yorkv01 trump tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful. enjoy! @shanesgranny thanks and happy holidays. @paulbocian thanks it was wonderful. @nathalies 29 this will be the best season yet..march 3rd is the premiere. ...and borrow cheap! you will thank me someday. with the economy still on a downward trajectory the best investment young people can make now is buying property... want to know why china is growing? they can build the worlds tallest building in 90 days red tape would kill it here. the muslim brotherhood dictator in egypt is bad news. he will never be our true ally! us tourists threaten to boycott scotland over windfarms write to alex salmond: firstminister@scotland.gsi.gov.uk. ...it s called intellectual property rights something they know nothing about. china just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a u.s. design. we should offset the thievery from our debt.. the best thing you can do is deal from strength and leverage is the biggest strength you have. the art of the deal. join @ericbolling to get @vanessariddle to 100k followers. beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer. are you ready for the all star @celebapprentice? @traceadkins is back in the upcoming season...which is the best yet! @brainyredhead @celebapprentice @traceadkins thanks--it will be great. @louiswalshxfact @celebapprentice @traceadkins they raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it. @mselesky @celebapprentice @traceadkins march 3rd. @fromjoachim2you congratulations and all the best to you. @djt biggest fan @ivankatrump ivanka is a great example. its more important to be smart than tough. i know businessmen who are brutally tough but theyre not smart. think like a billionaire. @utxgent thanks. @fromjoachim2you a great place! @callmemrwayne @realdonaldtrump @debbiegibson thanks debbie. @retrojohnny thanks. to keep your goals alive you must take action every day. no one should care about your money and success more than you do. -- think big. you can benefit from others wisdom. not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer. -- the way to the top. face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. -- @jack welch. anthony hopkins is a truly great actor--i love everything he does! i just left the doral in miami--it is going to be amazing! i still cant get over how the republicansmy friendsspent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible & ineffective ads. treasury has refused to name china a currency manipulator even though the yuan remains significantly undervalued. why do the republicans always negotiate against themselves in public? watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful. be sure to visit the world renowned trump tower atrium to see our holiday decorations. ...get along & make deals for the good of the country! susan rice is a good woman but pres. o should not taunt the republicans by appointing her s of s... gabriel aubry should learn how to fighthe became a punching bag. always drama with halle b! pervert alertserial sexter @repweiner is making another step towards a comeback all girls under 18 should block him. 7 of 10 americans prefer merry christmas over happy holidays no surprise. the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn t said. -- peter drucker. you cant know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity. -- the way to the top. visiting la? be sure to make a reservation at trump national golf club the #1 public course in the country! i always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs. they are hungry motivated and eager to learn. proves america can still be great. one of the keys to thinking big is total focus. the art of the deal. its often necessary to boast but its even better if others do it for you. think like a billionaire. networks are all wanting me to do showslike it or not a ratings machine! but time i run a really big company! ... where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids. eric has a great heart! my son @erictrump is in memphis at st. jude childrens research hospital... @josephbynature good luck joe! @amauryd3 thanks! jerry finkelstein passed away last night--a great new york mover & shaker & a really great guy! great that pres. o is seeing @mittromney todaylots of good things can happen. fm @alexsalmond of scotland spent more than 750000 of taxpayers to visit ryder cup in chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly. a look at the trump hotel planned for the old post office pavilion via @washingtonpost. scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines. @alexsalmond is becoming very unpopular. the countryside party just formed in scotland to fight ugly wind turbines & @alexsalmond. congrats to jim crawford & countryside party. ivanka trump defends her dad via @politico. the trump tower restaurant trump grill just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible a the food is also great! @mjb7 thanks! @atrlimo @erictrump agreed. steven spielberg is a great filmmaker. go see lincoln. its thursday. how much did opec steal from all of us today? crude is about to pass 90 barrel. the opec monopoly must be broken. they are robbing our country blind. as a favor to my friends at extra i am co-hosting tonight at 7 p.m. on @nbc. . @bbcnews child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of bbc.i know personally they do not check for accuracy. while derek jeter is training every day in the off season reports come out that a-rod is partying all over the country. go derek. @yankees. he who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. -- sun tzu. back by popular demand the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice features the return of @bretmichaels. our fans will be happy. a clip from guest hosting @extratv yesterday on @nbc discussing halle angus and gen. petraeus. always enjoy appearing on @extratv. @mariolopezextra & @mariamenounos were terrific yesterday. golf odyssey one of golf s most respected publications just named trump international golf links scotland golf course of the year. @revrome83 @celebapprentice @bretmichaels you won t be disappointed! @sbowlin1 thanks--you will love it. @adrienne jensen thanks! @tonydabodyguard @seanelmi i agree--and thanks. @sagethelaxbro hi sage. team trump with the recipients of our donations in the rockaways. #sandy. congratulations to @foxnews for winning november in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows. @tarikan 11 motivation is key so is momentum. @skompa @trumpchicago @trumpnewyork @trumplasvegas @travlandleisure thanks! nypd officer larry deprimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness nyc loves the nypd. @jminello very nice thanks. france is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day. in calling my tweets obnoxious @aol says i sure know how to keep them wanting more. they are welcome. i just tell it like it is. @amishflyers66 try trump grill in trump tower. excellent food good prices. enjoy your visit. @therealhillyard trump national golf club los angeles--it fronts the pacific ocean and is spectacular. im surprised that gabriel aubry has settled so quickly and easily with hallein the long run it was a wise decision. now that its almost over i cant believe that unions & management couldnt save twinkies etc--& management just got a 1.75m bonus. ... the ny daily snooze totally lied and never even called my kids! thank you to @ivankatrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on @foxandfriends... ... the republicans just didnt resonate with the peoplebut they will have better days. as i said on @foxandfriends this a.m. you have to give obama credithe won! ... i ll be honored at the family business dynasties gala in nyc on december 5th. it will be a great event for a great cause. was with @jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer great architect great guy! .@nbcnightlynews brian williams anyone? says women warriors are every bit as tough as the guys. just think about that statement! trump brand expands to south america: the donald lends his name to luxury tower in uruguay via @forbes. its about time for all americans republicans & democrats to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible! i am very proud of @ivankatrump for her work with @cookies4kids. @cookies4kids is a great cause helping children. obama is totally tweaking the republicans because he doesnt respect themtheyve got to change their ways. gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record inflation is coming... ... time for the republicans to find someone newand better. karl rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of 400mnot one win the republicans better get smart next time ... obama is laughing at karl rove & all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didnt win one race including the big one! the daily snooze publishes lies about me. they should be ashamed but it will die very soon. i am watching the new york mayoral race very closely. attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. -- winston churchill. .@stephenbaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. the baldwin clan will be proud of stephen. @osafolmik happy birthday and best wishes. i take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #trump rink in central park from my office--world s best skating rink. @parisitony true! comic @sethmeyers21 bombed at university of texas at arlingtoncrowd was dismal as was his performancei told you so! michael forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company glenfiddich gave him scot of the year award... michael forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named the golf course of the year and which has brought ... @lfoshie @piersmorgan logan: you are wrong on this--@piersmorgan is a tough & talented guy--& very loyal--a rarity in life. the democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the fiscal cliff. they will raise taxes and blame it on the republicans. the networks are all driving me crazy to do television showsa ratings machinebut because of apprentice have been loyal to nbc. just completed purchase of magnificent ritz carlton in jupiter florida. will be renamed trump national golf club & be tremendous success. just won the highest rated sanitary award in nyan a--& the food is great also. trump grill 57th & 5th. great defense by the @nyjets this weekendcongratulations to @woodyjohnson4only 6 points allowed! @bubbaslmky but hard work! @itscolinfowler thanks. @alkiwaves thanks it will be great. @wendydyer2 thanks wendy. @ld06981p larry thank you and keep up the great work! fan favorite @liljon once again shines in the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. he is an amazing & wonderful guy! congratulations to david wright on signing a long term extension with the @mets. david is an exceptional player and person. how could michael forbes get scot of the year when he lostbadlyto me & andy murray a true scot who won the u.s. open & olympic gold? @redskins qb @rgiii is a very special player. he is exciting to watch and smart on the field. amazing talent. @arsenioofficial will do great in his new talk show on cbs. hes really got what it takes! .@danabrams editor of @mediaite explained on radio this morning that i am so widely covered because i draw high interest. true! the @yankees should break a-rod s contract immediatelyhe misrepresented. a-rod @yankees had hip surgery & will be out 6 months. do you notice all the druggies have bad hips. the stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product! the addition of the iconic doral resort to the trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions. if you are planning to visit the world famous trump tower atrium be sure to come early. during the holiday season it is packed by 10am. @arnoldmuks thanks. @bf2088 thanks--and good luck. @danusia234 @saintsfootynews happy birthday andrew. @swingtraining thanks jeff. @kleckhardt yes--it is great! @beardymilne @wtfagain david--i hear you are jealous & angry that forbes got the award over you--two losers! glenfiddich is a jokeshould have chosen andy murrayu.s. open & olympic gold winneras top scot instead of a total loser! tell top scot michael forbes to clean up his propertyit is an embarrassment to scotland. we are getting rid of all glenfiddich garbage alcohol from trump properties. @spearstim can t pick a favorite--thanks. .@georgetakei is doing really well & soon coming to broadway. @damonpostal thanks. @achieverdan thanks. @beardymilne @wtfagain i know you are jealous of forbes & a total loser. @wtfagain @beardymilne you would not even believe how dirty & disgusting his property is--clean it with joke glenfiddich. via @scotsmandotcom: awards for trumps golf course. i am happy to hear that pres.obama is considering giving anna wintour @voguemagazine an ambassadorship. she is a winner & really smart! the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice features the return of the beautiful @brandenroderick. the fans love her! .@danabrams dan of course stories on me do well. glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on. tv was not your forte. @kevinsherwin thank you. @tommo1903 thank you. @rodsandguitars @nbc thanks. i dont see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect. donald j. trump midas touch. @karlrove is such an embarrassment that @foxnews is keeping him off air rove should be out of politics. a total loser! christmas waves a magic wand over this world and behold everything is softer and more beautiful. -- norman vincent peale. @riggs deb thank you. @apoliticalbear @danabrams true--thanks. @karllewis01 soon--thanks. @phillipmoodie thank you. @hoppmar so do most smart people! @vincedelisi thanks! i like thinking big. to me its very simple: if youre going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big. the art of the deal. dave brubeck was great and will be missed! speaker @johnboehner seems to have gained strength in housea good thing! .@johnboehnerif you cant make a great deal go over the cliff & negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in february!trump 101. @danabrams true--but keep up the good work! @rodgilbert7 @erictrump @ivankatrump thanks rod--you re a great player and guy. @johng500 @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr the greatest compliment of all--thanks! @officialbqgirls @missusa2005 @thalilbit your performance was great last night--bq will win. 25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff...and that will be interesting! republicans have the cards because of the debt ceilingbut it doesnt seem that way! twisted sister frontman @deesnider shines in the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. the iron man of rock and roll is great! @laraleayunaska @erictrump and you looked great last night lara. @mchandlerjones i will! scots should boycott glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great olympic & u.s. open champ andy murray over total loser michael forbes. ....on ruining scotlands beauty with ugly & costly wind turbines? is pm cameron a dummy? with monumental cuts in uk spending how come he continues to spend billions of pounds ... @carloguderian i built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn t! @colonopenbrakit he is a loser--andy murray is a winner! @kleckhardt kris great place enjoy! @bongsi21 @billgates @itsmemvp work hard! @orangetrump @apoliticalbear @forq2 @danabrams don t be so sure! @macfarb wow--very nice! karzai of afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement. they are dropping us like dopes. get out now and re-build u.s.! via @usatoday: trump endorses wintour for ambassadorship. my support of anna wintour for ambassador got a lot of coverage. she is smart and will be a strong advocate for the us. all the contestants have arrived to compete in trump miss universe pageant in las vegas. todays welcoming ceremony will be terrific! @realrobharrand thanks rob! @madmartinez @erictrump @ivankatrump thanks darlene. @ringsherry @erictrump @ivankatrump thank you. @achieverdan thanks and yes! @sinnerofa10shun work hard and love what you do! ... and opened a full month ahead of schedule. case is taught in wharton. when i renovated wollman rink in central park it came in 750000 under budget.. how can george osborne reduce uk debt while spending billions to subsidize scotlands garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country? youre all wrongcheck the facts! uk is massively subsidizing scotlands wind turbines & the people dont want them. @scootray88 dopey same people voting over & over again? andy murray #1 by far. @johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff bad name it is only a fiscal curb! debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff.. will be interesting! ... and in my opinion should not be doing the apprentice. .@lord sugar if you think ugly windmills are good for scotland you are an even worse businessman than i thought... .... to do the apprentice but i approved you anyway. without my show youd be nothing! sugar: @lord sugarunlike you i own the apprentice. you were never successful enough... ...you have little persona but the apprentice concept is great and lucky for you! sugar: @lord sugar--keep working hard so i make plenty of with your show... ... and many others. drop to your knees sugar and say thank you mr. trump. when i made the apprentice the #1 show in the us that was a good day for you... @piersmorgan @lord sugar i easily could but as long as sugar is making me money it s my show i won t--unlike sugar i m not stupid! dopey @lord sugarlook in the mirror and thank the real lord that donald trump exists. you are nothing! alex rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons. he will miss half of next season. really bad deal for @yankees. we are way over the fiscal cliff. and with obama care being fully implemented in less than 14 months it may be too late. @lord sugar @piersmorgan sugar if you taught piers morgan he never would have won! ...instead of biting the hand that feeds you! dont bother just keep making me money! sugar @lord sugaryou should say thank you donald like a good little boy... ... @piersmorgan @lord sugar no his ignorance! a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. --douglas macarthur. @martinwatt382 true! @realpro4real thank you. sugar @lord sugar unlike yours my financials are phenomenal. people don t know your real numbers & would not be impressed. sugar @lord sugar why don t you tell the public what you re really worth--they would be very disappointed. dopey sugar @lord sugar--i m worth more than 8 billion acknowledged almost no debt ... dopey sugar.@lord sugar ...your net worth doesn t even qualify you to host the apprentice. keep making me money. .@lord sugar - nice call on predicting that the ipod would be dead finished gone kaput great business foresight. .@lord sugar....but you wouldnt notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser. dopey sugar @lord sugar the wind turbines are ruining the beauty & majesty of scotland... there are 2 things ive found im very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work.the art of the deal. ...@lord sugar you need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn t hurt. dopey @lord sugar people are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w the tweets... dopey @lord sugar i m worth 8 billion and you re worth peanuts...without my show nobody would even know who you are. to tom brady @patriots and gisele--best wishes on the birth of your daughter. tom is a great player and great friend. i just retained sir nick faldo to be the architect of the red course at doral--he will do a tremendous job! @nickfaldo006. via @digitalspyus: donald trump to lord sugar: drop to your knees and thank me. back by popular demand tv personality @therealmarilu returns in the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. marilu does great! quote of the day: donald trump decrees boycott on glenfiddich scotch via @zagat. today s job report is not a good sign & we could be facing another recession. no real job growth. we need over 300k new jobs a month. this year s trump miss universe pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women.will be simulcast live december 19th on @nbc and @univision. many people still out of power in staten island. absolutely ridiculous. why can t they get service? this is such a special time to be in new york city. no better city in the world to celebrate christmas! people ask me what i do in my free time. the answer--i don t have any. sorry for such silencespent weekend at closing of ritz carlton in jupiter floridajust bought it will be great! dopey sugar @lord sugar i never go silent. i was buying a major property in florida--a property worth more than you are! dopey sugar @lord sugar i hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you ll be fired. dopey sugar @lord sugar bad ratings--come on keep making me money--remember i own your show. dopey sugar@lord sugar isnt it sad that my golf course in scotland just got best new course in the worldits worth more than you are! dopey sugar @lord sugar you should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--the apprentice. say thank you donald. .@lord sugar if you didnt say the ipod would be gone in a year you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have. dopey sugar @lord sugaryou are the worst kind of losera total fool. i just bought stock in tiffany & company and mcdonald s. two ends of the spectrum but i like both companies. china is about to acquire a unit of aig which we bailed out for 5.5b china is making great deals on our backs. the chinese are smart. they bought up over 7b in us housing last year u.s. is busy making china even richer. the government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends dangerous for us but great news for china. great knockout on saturday by juan manuel marquez on manny pacquiao. a great fight! great win by the @nyjets yesterday. if they run the table they will make the playoffs. you cant con people at least not for long. if you dont deliver the goods people will eventually catch on. - the art of the deal. the lunatics in congress banned the word lunatic from congress last week busy doing the peoples work! the ground zero mosque should not go up where planned. it is wrong. my offer still stands to buy the property. good deal for everyone. i still don t get how @karlrove spent 400 million & lost all. if the republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of @karlrove. he is useless. i believe in spending what you have to. but i also believe in not spending more than you should. -the art of the deal. good luck to bob kraft tom brady and coach bill belichick tonight. if you love your work the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment. think big. being true to yourself equals being true to your brand. that s the solid foundation that stands the test of time. midas touch. some dope tweeted my message to my friend bill belichick incorrectly--they called him bob. sorry bill! @patriots. the uk is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies. good news killing country. @levithompson93 happy birthday levi--work hard! @hopewellcody thanks cody. @nathalies 29 thank you. .@golfmonthly re: my scottish course quite simply this is not the best new links course in the uk it is the best links course full stop. china is buying so many of our companies-- its really getting bad. negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. ...if you plan for the worstif you can live with the worstthe good will always take care of itself. negotiation tip #2: i always go into the deal anticipating the worst... trump: gop must dump useless rove to win presidential elections by @mboyle1 @breitbartnews. donald trump: anna wintour ambassadorship would be a favor to the country via @mediaite. mogul donald trump has many powerful friends. and it turns out one of them is anna wintour. via @foxnews. hes back and causing more trouble than ever before! @thegarybusey returns in the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. fans like winners. they come to watch stars great exciting players who do great exciting things. - the art of the deal. @bahleezy march 3rd--tune in! trump miss universe simulcast on @nbc and @telemundo on december 19th will once again deliver an entertaining and beautiful show! its tuesday. how many more customers has glenfiddich lost today? the republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal! great we are sending even more f-16s to the muslim brotherhood in egypt this is a total disaster. the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life. so if you want to aim high you have be able to handle the bumps.think big. re life: life is very fragile and success doesnt change that. if anything success makes it more fragile. you can enhance location through promotion and work. re real estate: you dont necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. @randytotty @tjtotty happy anniversary teresa. for those of you in trouble in these troubled times never ever give up! argyll grandmother takes uk and eu to the united nations over plans to turn scotland into windfarm hedgehog. i let @pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of all star @celebapprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t.v. can you believe the republicans are studying the democrats on how to win an election? no money wasted like bad adsthe republicans spent more & got nothing for it. the amazing trump national golf club los angeles. @brettnpu32 happy birthday. @abspara @pennjillette @celebapprentice march 3rd. tune in! you get what you vote for. 21 of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013. i have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures. they always thank me after they succeed. #midastouch. the gorgeous contestants of trump miss universe are so excited to be simulcast on both @nbc and @telemundo. will be a beautiful show! egypt is a total mess. we should have backed mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog. there is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy. you have to love what you do. - think big. we cant even stop the norks from blasting a missile. china is laughing at us. it is really sad. a friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -- abraham lincoln. watching pyongyang terrorize asia today is just amazing! all the things i love is what my business is all about. - @marthastewart. thousands of fans have been sending letters to trump tower in anticipation of @celebapprentice. really good show. @hailey hustlerr thanks hailey- you sound great! @derekwilkinson @daniellecfriel thanks derek- and true! @dylawn420 @uberfacts dopey i never filed for bankruptcy. @lydia xoxo @uberfacts i never went bankrupt. @c waitforit j @uberfacts i never went bankrupt. @mstacey9 i never went bankrupt. windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible. a horrible day for newtown ct and our country yesterday. my condolences to all of the families so tragically affected. in moments like thiswe are all just americans. i join with the president religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today. president obama spoke for me and every american in his remarks in #newtown connecticut. i find the photos of these children killed in newtown in the new york post heartbreaking.#angels. video game violence & glorification must be stoppedit is creating monsters! donald trumps miss usa pageant scores 5 million legal victory following rigged claims via @eonline. in light of newtown our country has to pull together. the tragedy in newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile. must appreciate every minute! many people advised me not to buy the miss universe pageant. they were all wrong. the deal worked out to be a great one! @jean penny hi jean. via @examinercom: the miss universe contestants glow with elegance during the trump holiday party. @toddjoldbull it s a great hotel and city glad you enjoyed it. @jtracy08 thanks joe. i also protect myself by being flexible. i never get too attached to one deal or one approach. the art of the deal. @playagaindesign starts march 3. courage is contagious. when a brave man takes a stand the spines of others are often stiffened. rev. @billygraham. in las vegas for the miss universe pageantairing tonight on @nbc at 8 oclock. they asked me to dress as santa claus to open miss universe tonightim thinking about it! miss universe contestants are amazingthe most beautiful ever! .@missusa olivia culpo has been a star a young audrey hepburn. i hope newtown ct can now start to healbut it wont be easy! @agreatguy great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you. worst ever issue of @vanityfair magazinebad food graydon carter should be fired! .@vanityfair looks like a dying magazine! really really boring really really thin! okay i think im going to do itill open the miss universe pageant as santa tonight at 8 pm on @nbc. pageant people are really talking about venezuela brazil mexico usa india australia. the #missuniverse pageant is the biggest pageant of them allby far! this is a buyers market. buy now. you will thank me in 3 years. back by popular demand @giulianarancic and @bravoandy are co-hosting tonight s #missuniverse pageant. they are great! tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the miss universe pageant. @jnorr11 march 3rd. sheena monnin acted terribly...she got what she deserved! if sheena monnin apologized for her mistake as she should have i would have treated her very nicely. @mattwiemeri thanks! dummy graydon carter doesn t like me too much...great news. he is a real loser! @vanityfair. the #missuniverse women totally blow away the victorias secret women! be sure to watch #missuniverse tonight at 8pm on @nbc with its first simulcast on @telemundo! @jimrobbins1973 @vanityfair i don t. graydon carter sends it to me free! @greenerag i agree on both counts! @danforsley @vanityfair wrong--graydon carter has no talent and looks like shit! also his food sucks! @kevinkuhn5 @vanityfair thanks kevin i tell the truth. @random5 you can and you will--work hard. @oxsapphirexo @vanityfair no that dope graydon carter has hit on me for 25 years. his magazines always fail see spy. watch @missusa olivia culpo crowned as @missuniverse 2012 in the trump #missuniverse pageant. via @ap: miss usa olivia culpo is crowned miss universe ratings increase 15 over last year. @moruagabriel thanks! @grantrebhun hard work but fun. @rebamoreland @vanityfair great move! @mandideren i will! ... so if you want to aim high you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road. - think big. the biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life... @jnorr11 good reason for a celebration. @ellavdw you have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed. congratulations to all the trump 2012 #missuniverse contestants who came from across the world. you did great and made us all proud! @roncharles @vanityfair @kbandersen which magazine went bust under carter and as i predicted! @jbresson thanks justin. @pokerswayne @vanityfair very wrong dopey! china is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs yet our leaders are claiming progress sad! ratings for #missuniverse pageant were highest in 4 years. @nbc likes me and i like them! ...now its the greatest pageant on earth-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion peoplehot! when i bought the #missuniverse pageant 13 years ago it was on life support... @krystiandior the apprentice will be great! @candicebazuin @bravoandy @giulianarancic they were both terrific! @mdslhrst good move! @klisitsin the art of the deal. @toddulu fun! you get what you vote for. us credit rating is about to be downgraded once again. @cement mixa49 kevin--congrats--you are a winner! our new @missuniverse olivia culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished. she is a wonderful role model. @chidrole hi john. i find hope in the darkest of days and focus in the brightest. - dalai lama. work hard play hard and live to the hilt. - think like a billionaire. @joey moneyracks thanks joey! @hyperspaceit thanks--@huffingtonpost is a total joke--just like @ariannahuff! @crlindke true! @nc777ww he is a loser who will self-destruct just like @rosie! @psu brush @zigmanfreud thanks matt. @mstang 13 i hope so. @jaimeennis @examinercom thanks jaime happy holidays. @alleecatt21 thanks allison! .@rosie--if america s got talent uses you the show will fail like all your others! dopey @rosie--i never went bankrupt--abc already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn t want a lawsuit. washington is in total gridlockno trust no leadershipvery interesting! how is @vanityfair editor graydon carter allowed to run bad food restaurant beatrice inn? fire graydon! donald trump to build trump towers complex in rio de janeiro via hispanically speaking news. @susanmahoneyxo thank you susan. @leahnelbulos happy birthday leah. miss universe ratings -- 6.1 million viewers best since 2008. @trondbertil thank you. deals are my art form. i like making deals preferably big deals. the art of the deal. @lovechild419 thanks lisa. @mikecosgrove1 thanks and good luck. .@nbc really happy with how well the #missuniverse pageant went. there is no better place in the world to spend christmas than mar-a-lago in palm beach florida. @reighnseed thanks! @earther57 sounds like the best place! @skyhawk442 @rosie i agree! @lin0729 yes regis is the best! from my family to yours...i want to wish you all a very merry christmas! my monday @foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations making the big deal and who has the cards. donald trump: gop has nuclear weapon in fiscal cliff negotiation but they dont know it via @mediaite. im a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before i make a decision. its a natural reflex. the art of the deal. must read @wsj column by senator phil gramm - the multiple distortions of wind subsidies. watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- republicans are in a much stronger position than they think. congratulations to @flgovscott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast! when renovations are completed trump national doral will be the finest resort in the u.s. back by popular demand the fabulous @liljon returns to the record setting 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. the fans love him! i hate hearing after all of the hard work that @mittromney never wanted to become president. i told the republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--& we would have a republican presidentthey wouldnt listen. .@macmillers donald trump just crossed 73.5 million views on @youtube. youre welcome mac! its thursday. how much time did washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff? republicans rememberdebt ceiling debt ceiling debt ceilingbe smart and you will win! to be successful you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems. think big. @its nicca @giulianarancic @missuniverse she was great! @nyclights420 i hope so! @mayorgas good. @jessetmaguire @alkapranos even more--thanks. @mjtis yes! @kryssitoocool18 thank you. @lin0729 yes--he is a great guy! @mikeyadamsweei thanks--and happy new year to you. @mattmaddix good luck. @ptlyons thank you. wishing you and yours a happy new year too. sorry to hear of yesterdays passing of general norman schwarzkopf. he was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him. true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow that s what courage is. - gen. norman schwarzkopf 1934-2012. donald trump on fiscal cliff and obama via @livetradingnews. spolier alertthe record setting 13th season of all star @celebapprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom. my @gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point the fiscal curb & why we must & can make a great deal. @limka11 @jess wiliem98 thank you. the republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling. they can get everything they want. focus! any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures in baseline spending so we can get our credit back. @nicholas lipton march 3rd. obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year. once again obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination. chuck hagel will not be named sec. of defense--& probably shouldn t be. i always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world. i can tell who reads my books and who doesnt. #midastouch. @wandasalley thanks--have fun! @phillykayman the art of the deal is a good start. raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing washington could do. so they will probably do it. leverage: dont make deals without it. the art of the deal. @sixela1984 @liljon @celebapprentice raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job. visiting new york city? make sure to skate in the world famous trump rink in central park great for the whole family! you have to set higher and higher goals. you have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast. think big. @earther57 sounds nice--and thanks. happy new year to you and yours. @opus 6 thanks it s a wonderful place to be--and happy new year. obama and the democrats are laughing at the deal they just made...the republicans got nothing! i am a republican...but the republicans may be the worst negotiators in history! what is mitch mcconnell thinking?...make the big deal! maybe boehner will stop this one sided deal in the house...i hope so! this is a terrible deal for the country and an embarrassment for republicans! does any republican have the ability to negotiate? my @foxandfriends interview from monday discussing obamas tone going over the curb and republican debt ceiling card. the party of the year in palm beach was the new year s eve celebration at the mar-a-lago club--it was amazing. donald trump praises @liljon and welcomes him back to all star @celebapprentice via @hiphopnews24x7. i always follow my own instincts but i am not going to kid you: its also nice to get good reviews. - the art of the deal. congratulations to @robinroberts on celebrating 100 days in her bone marrow transplant recovery. robin is a special person. if we get tough and make the hard choices we can make america a rich nationand respectedonce again. time to get tough. the republicans must face reality & create a strong & positive immigration policy--if not they will continue to lose elections. .@gops election loss and failed negotiations will serve as a case study in how third parties come about. via @huffpostpol: donald trump: republicans may be the worst negotiators in history. medicare payments have become so unpredictable that record amount of doctors are now leaving bad for long term. obama s deal raises taxes on 77 of national households. with obama care taxes kicking in now everyone will be paying for his 2nd term. ...remember--i told you so. make sure you realize that this deal is only a stop gap measure.obama will be looking to raise even more taxes in the coming negotiation.. this deal @rnc voted for has 41 in tax increases for every 1 in spending cuts. it is pathetic. obama is laughing at them. congrats to @governorcorbett--he s right to be suing @ncaa over the ridiculous deal made by the trustees of penn state. new york city hosted over 52 million visitors in 2012. record amount visited trump tower. if you strike out nobody is going to help you--not your friends not the government. you have to look to look out for yourself.-think big. .@rgiii & @dangerusswilson & luck are very special players--will be great playoff games. @gretawire greta--don t let it get you down--you are a winner and tina is not. @gop2014ftw @gop third party is tough. @prince1fares a total mess! @jimmyscissor isn t that so true! and by the millions. @prday wilson--but he probably won t get it. @vikinggroup1 true! @skyhawk442 yes and i am presbyterian. donald trump on cliff: other countries are eating our lunch via @bizpacreview. via @politicalwire: trump not happy with republicans. i can t believe republican leadership allowed such a stupid deal to be made. they are rapidly giving up all of their cards. @maverick1195 thanks i think! @drjoyschaffer i fully understand your question. @jamesche85 i do complain. @sarahb205 i get you! @mimi 187 mimi--perhaps because they are losers. @fleur498 the art of the deal is a good start. @pashtunprince march 3rd. in the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish. - the art of the deal. the boardroom has never been as intense as in the upcoming13th season of all star @celebapprentice. premieres march 3rd on @nbc! @thesisko @rnc sounds like it! @beverlism good place! @georgeokc thanks--let s see what happens. @hsword 1 yes --. @wesdunn wilson! @chadfisher3 thanks. @ksherrill 4 thanks. think of yourself as a one-man army. youre not only the commander in chief youre the soldier as well. think like a billionaire. @tonyturko @robynkonichiwa she was great! @jamesche85 dopey i never went bankrupt. the republicans look so weak and foolishwhat the hell are they doing? so obama and congress can waste billions in iraq & afghanistan building roads & schools but cant get money to the nj & ny sandy victims? great to see sec. clinton leaving the hospital yesterday with @chelseaclinton and pres. clinton. glad she is recuperating. republicans had all the cards but not the guts to make a great deal! the trump organization is going revolutionize rio de janeiros downtown port area with trump towers. construction begins soon! @markghuneim something used on occasion by many of the world s greatest businessmen. @alancravey that is something to think about isn t it! @grantgill thanks. @cambriacravy i told you so! @firefergee perhaps so! @ahm1038 they just acted but it was obama that promised! @michelle88fan i love what @governorcorbett is doing. @lovebn40 thanks heidi. @ms2202 true and true! @sldewey but a bad one! ill bet obama now uses the amendment for the debt ceiling. just shows that you can have all the cards and lose if you dont know what youre doing. @nicksteinmetz try never give up for lessons in tenacity. spend your time enjoying your big dreams. - think big. @pauljosephjr doral is doing great! @chartranda yes i thought romney would do better--just didn t catch on! @hellsbells116 thanks chris. @jmendowns true! @pastorcab true. @richardkle thank you! @a123meoli true. @littllow not great! @neanderthalman1 nobody says this! @realkylemorris you will love it! @jacksback2009 thanks jack and happy new year. wealth comes from big goals and sustained action toward those goals every day. - think big. @kwierzba never give up--keep at it! i aim very high and then just keep pushing and pushing to get what i m after. - the art of the deal. @ msccc thanks. @nypatriots4life thanks and happy new year. @sammypotatoes true! @adelebrumley adele--happy birthday. make sure you take some time to enjoy the weekend. important for your mind and will help you be productive next week. to all young entrepreneurs entering the business world - stay positive focused and remember everything has its ups and downs. the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice is unique. we really pushed the envelope here. our great and loyal fans will love it. @dianahartnett march 3rd. @panchoopanchoo @celebapprentice march 3rd. never never never give up. - winston churchill. take a look at this amazing photo of the cast from the first ever all star @celebapprentice. @v3ceo thank you! @jkaburu work hard! @prncsmo @libertyu hi morgan and good luck. my @foxandfriends interview discussing chuck hagel nomination republicans terrible deal making & where we go next. donald trump hosts first-ever trump invitational at mar-a-lago via @wptv. .@arsenioofficial thx for the good wishes--you are going to have a really big year! .@ewanshearer happy birthday. trump invitational at mar-a-lago was a huge success. raised millions for charity and was the 1st equestrian event held in palm beach. i hope the republicans are happy. just as i predicted that stupid deal they voted for only whetted obamas appetite for more taxes. nominating chuck hagel for sod is the wrong move for obama. he doesnt need the fight. too much political capital will be wasted. when you have confidence you can have a lot of fun. and when you have fun you can do amazing things. - @realjoenamath. @hshoyeb @lord sugar @piersmorgan thanks. @yfentrepreneur thanks--work hard and good luck. glad to hear my @foxandfriends monday interview continues to get big ratings. great way to start your week. @frankmdavisjr you are right. @megalove04 thanks! trade with china has killed over 29 of us manufacturing jobs in the us china is robbing us blind! the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - the art of the deal. what you dream about is what you will do. if you cannot even dream of doing big things you will never do anything big in life.- think big. @whitneykray @ivankatrump great! @vibow54 true! @tonifreardon @foxandfriends thanks. @infiniteyounow @celebapprentice true! @adkradio yes send address. @theamandarose great! @grant wyeth thanks grant. wowgolf magazine just named trump scotland best new course. golf odyssey just named trump scotland golf course of the year. congratulations to @alabamaftbl on winning the bcs championship last night! @ethwhite hi ethan. why would obama ever nominate someone for sec. of defense who opposes sanctions against iran when obama claims to support them? the iranians are sure happy with obamas nomination of hagel. already praising hagel as anti-israel. @tvtango @billrancic great reminder--thanks. @delonmackenze thanks. @hldrpiper73 thank you. @rilwanemeje thank you. @thee frankg it is great--thanks! @mrdewmaster @newsbusters i will! @bonbon823 @theteaparty net thanks! success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. think like a billionaire. miss alabama katherine webb has been a truly great representative of the ms. usa organization ..we are proud of her! what a great couple... katherine webb and aj mccarron. they are both winners! we are going to ask katherine webb to be a judge at the miss usa pageant coming up in las vegas. the fans are going to love the tasks in the upcoming 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. the biggest yet! @ryanmjanderson @celebapprentice march 3rd. @seanelmi thanks sean. @381days thank you. in this game knowledge is the key to power. - think big. @conniegrn777 @alabamaftbl you should--they are great! @tweetsfromnancy interesting view! @c a pearson true! @caarlatwiter she s fantastic. @usfiscalsanity work hard. @kevinm mielke true! @joeisterrific thanks joe. @cjohnson623 @billmaher stay tuned! @schutzhund007 great--i would rather it be here--by far. @dasboot96 @kylemccall4 true--just terrible. @haley loyal @celebapprentice @latoyajackson latoya is terrific. @dalasner stay tuned! @melpace thanks! @shineb4 @jayleno @billmaher thanks. give me a smart idiot over a stupid genius any day. - samuel goldwyn. watch eric at 9 am est today on fox 5 w @rosannascotto and david price to discuss eric trump foundation s 20 million donation to st jude. @kristine kaplan happy birthday kristine. .@franksfight keep fighting frank! never give up! @tracyn3109 seems like it! @leadersmag great job! @samco42 no but i hate incompetence. @tnmouth interesting! @adam4integrity true. @gretawire is great at what she does. @sandramdocer happy new year sandra. @nolanitenyc no. @authenticsig22 easier said than done! @marioraez1 thanks. .@billmaher was so nervous talking about me on the @jayleno showive never seen him like that! @lilkubes great and thanks! @djt biggest fan great! @drehm010 great thanks. @rosegalwines @rnc many people agree. @nicolewalker20 i have and i do. @milkncookies70 not easy! lawyers have sent @billmaher demand notice and necessary documentation. i have accepted @billmahers 5 million offer paid to me for charity made on the @jayleno show . ...american cancer society and the dana farber cancer center. the charities i have designated for @billmaher s donations are: police athletic league-new york march of dimes hurricane sandy victims.... i hope @billmaher pays quickly so that this money can immediately be given to the charities. @missusa2005 thanks chelsea--you are great! @youcancallmer @billmaher @jayleno thanks. @brittanytoll @theauthentickj not true! @davidblanch thanks i think ! @aynbluefish interesting. @brose783 thanks. good luck. @tappersong the opposite! watch @extratv s spot covering the first annual trump invitational at mar-a-lago. apparently @martinbashir said something about me on his show yesterday. i was surprised to find out he is on tv. who knew?! its amazing that people can say such bad things about me but if i say bad things about them it becomes a national incident. hagel has been endorsed by china & iran for sod. welcome to obama s second term! chuck hagel: wrong for defense via @newyorkobserver. this is how it starts. obama is now threatening to use an executive order for gun control welcome to his 2nd term. small bright spot in lackluster economy - travel industry added 81000 jobs in 2012 trump org had a record year. @homeswestfield @erictrump @myfoxny @rosannascotto @stjude thank you. @bradymagic @erictrump thank you! @jimmy farney @queynewton great -- good luck james. via @eonline: donald trump wants katherine webb for miss usa judge. he s back! @thegarybusey returns to cause even more trouble in the13th season of all star @celebapprentice. all successful people are high energy people who are passionate about what they do. find a passion that energizes you. - think big. experience is the teacher of all things. - julius caesar. money may not grow from trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains. - think like a billionaire. i hope @billmaher comes through with his 5 million offer which i fully accepted or i will be forced to sue him. all goes to charity! i will be doing @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 oclock. will be interesting and tough! if you want to be a success you have to get used to frequently hearing the word no and ignoring it. - think big. @storingmaysoul thanks. @rhondaberment thank you. my @eonline interview discussing @ katherinewebb s stardom and why @espn s apology was unwarranted. @lversaci @billmaher thanks. @trinityjordan i won t. @mulligan672 @billmaher true! @jarboni72 @billmaher thanks! @bertoldo1269 @billmaher true! @davidlemoinejr @billmaher i will! @thereallljcole @billmaher true! @scottvh1 so am i. @chuckwoolery @billmaher chuck--you are great--thanks! @robgoodwin72 @ katherinewebb true! they are great. @infiniteyounow my honor. @fultonrm @billmaher i will. @sophiesmom78 i will! @basquegirl75 thanks. @seame huntin thanks. @seame huntin est. @keithash kash thanks. .@nba hall of famer @dennisrodman brings his a game in the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. this time dennis is a star! via @foxnews: donald trump sends bill maher birth certificate awaits 5 million. katherine webb gets a donald trump job offer says she s shocked about the attention via @zap2it. new rule for @billmaher: check the law before you make a public absolute offer. my @extratv interview discussing @rosie s new baby my acceptance of @billmaher s 5m offer & hiring @ katherinewebb. @joemillerwired @billmaher @jayleno thanks. @raynealray thanks. @the jeffh thanks jeff. @itsbrttanybitch thanks and good luck. @luvintyger thank you. @dkc628 thanks dorothy. @mcguire1978 @djp3tiesmallzz thank you. @sellassellas @billmaher thanks brandon. @carly russell thanks carly new season starts march 3rd. good investors are good students. it s as simple as that. - think like a billionaire. scary. president obama told boehner that the government doesn t have a spending problem. @aeroleila7 @celebapprentice. @mattomell march 3rd. @henriwts @baetensgert yes. people love gossip. it s the biggest thing that keeps the entertainment industry going. -- @theellenshow. @tazracet thanks. @michaelrhorer @billmaher thanks. @famewhorebuster @billmaher thanks. @dpdouglass @billmaher thanks dana. @jackiediop thanks. @shaminabaspr @mariolopezextra thanks! @johnjohn1787 @billmaher @jayleno thanks john. again dont forget to watch @hannityshow tonight on fox at 9 oclock est. @ladalebuggs thank you. @mstuart1970 @foxandfriends true! @tonytuanvu thank you and good luck. i promoted the hell out of trump tower but i also had a great product. - the art of the deal. @richardrvaughn thanks. @spot o tea thanks. @melbelle96 thanks melanie. @ladalebuggs thanks! @notksanymore i will! @jamiehumble true! @thomasm25221024 i won t. @mikepassmore thanks. @farmersagentn8 thanks we ll see! @adambrownagency @michaelalbrown great! @bowsbybaby thanks and good luck. @jcriv305 thank you. @makingtrevenue thanks. @otgdy27 i won t. first segment of my @seanhannity @foxnews interview discussing @gop are terrible negotiators & lost all their cards. 2nd segment of my @seanhannity @foxnews interview discussing @billmaher s insult of parents and sending him 5m bill. donald trump: if bill maher does not pay off his 5 million bet then ill sue him via @gatewaypundit. donald trump to bill maher: pay up via @breitbartnews. @daveyd147 find work that you love. you have to have passion. that provides motivation. the baldwin family is well represented in the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice with @stephenbaldwin. stephen does great. the republicans are always worried about the press--they should just do what is right. @pellscuse11 happy birthday. lets get out of afghanistan. our troops are being killed by the afghanis we train and we waste billions there. nonsense! rebuild the usa. @brunettelogic march 3rd. our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood have close relations with iran we never should have abandoned mubarak. if youre still in school pay attention. education is a money machine. think like a billionaire. i cant wait to donate @billmahers 5 million to charity. just waiting on @billmaher to send me the money. @kmt9999 @billmaher thanks. @hoboshane i agree. @chrispedersen80 @billmaher thanks. @normawilcox thank you. @theviz1 @billmaher i will try! @robertkarlpoker thank you. if you have a crisis whether on a ship or wherever there are heroes who rise above it. - jerry bruckheimer. @andyliz99 thank you. i believe in spending what you have to. but i also believe in not spending more than you should. - the art of the deal. wow i have just exceeded 2 million followers--and in such a short time! congratulations to tom brady @patriots -- he is a great quarterback and a great champion! congratulations to bob kraft and coach bill belichick for having built an amazing team. @patriots. peyton manning should have passed on 3rd down! i cant believe @denver broncos allowed final touchdowndumbest defensive play i have ever seen in football. ...and will be very embarrassed unless they get smart fast. the republicans have been played into a trap by the president--they forgot the 14th amendment..... i am a handwriting analyst. jack lews handwriting shows while strange that he is very secretivenot necessarily a bad thing. dopey @billmaher is in for a lot of troublei hope he has 5 million for charity . by the way folks @billmaher is not a smart guy just look at his past he just pretends he is! is @billmaher the dumbest man on television?i think so. lance armstrong is now going to admit guiltcan that be possible after many years of denying? just go away lance. according to many and while nominated i would have won the emmy many times except for my politics. @primetimeemmys. can you imagine if obama had to give today s press conference before the election? he would have lost. @gop really blew it. remember as a senator obama did not vote for increasing the debt ceiling i guess things change when president?! just as i predicted today obama called for even more tax increases. the republicans played right into his hands and blew their cards. back by popular demand @latoyajackson returns to the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. she is fierce in the board room! .@nbc did a great job last night with the @goldenglobes! sadly im probably helping @billmahers lowly rated showbut charity will benefit by 5 million so its worth it. still waiting for a response from @billmaher. does he even have 5 million? theres nothing compassionate about allowing welfare dependency to be passed from generation to generation. - time to get tough. everyone is starting to feel the new tax hikes. you get what you vote for! i agree with pres. obama on afghanistan. we should have a speedy withdrawal. why should we keep wasting our money -- rebuild the u.s.! it is snowing in jerusalem and across lebanon. global warming! ... debut her first 2013 melania timepieces & fashion jewelry collection! please tune in january 15th at 6:00am est and 6:00pm est to the qvc network to watch my wife @melaniatrump... a savvy investor is a sponge for information. you have to read the newspapers... if someone says ill bet you ten dollars and loses the bet its pay up time. can you believe that the afghan war is our longest war everbring our troops home rebuild the u.s. make america great again. wheres the press? 1484: 72 of afghan casualties have occurred under obama. @bennydoestweets thanks. @thehunterwatts thanks enjoy. i don t measure a man s success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom. -- george s. patton. you can have the most wonderful product in the world but if people dont know about it its not worth much. - the art of the deal. @pattilee22 thanks and good luck. @bradleycmc thanks bradley. never bet against bob kraft bill belichick or tom brady! @patriots. from bloomberg: chryslers jeep expects china production agreement soon. i told you so. lance armstrong is having a breakdown. what is he doinghis life is now officially over! lance armstrongs liability & lawsuits against him have just increased tenfoldhis lawyers will be very happylots of fees! unlike u.s. china taxes things made in the u.s. and sold in china. china demands plants we dont. stupid! we were led to believe that jeep would manufacture in u.s. and sell to chinalike china does to us. @janeygodley no held up to storm very well. @mrjamesmack wrong--course held up very well despite monster storm. @sheriffbrody @antbaxter scotland course held up to storm very well. @8zz8 wrong! do your homework before you invest. a dumb investor is a dead investor. think like a billionaire. hard work is my personal method for financial success. you can do it too. - think big. the word is that lance armstrong will now implicate officials and others --- but who knows if hes telling the truth. .@playboy playmate of the year @brandenroderick returns to the 13th season of all star @celebapprentice--she is smart & beautiful. @kingantoine1 thanks antoine. ... is a third party coming? i hope not. @gop is burying itself. 63 of republican voters think @gop congress is out of touch ... ... to opec countries that hate our guts. its stupid policy.- time to get tough. were singlehandedly transferring hundreds of billions of dollars a year... does anyone really believe that chuck hagel is sorry for any of his past comments or supports israel? re lance armstrongnot only was it a big lie but a big lie that lasted too long! our country under president obama is on life support! great leaders must bring people together. glad to hear derek jeter just removed his boot and is practicing on the field for @yankees. derek is a true champion. china watched obamas press conference yesterday salivating. we will be borrowing trillions more from them. @christianfranzh thanks christian and good luck. @quiteefranklee march 3rd. @quiteefranklee thanks and enjoy. go as far as you can see when you get there you ll be able to see farther. -- j. p. morgan. @belikehannah march 3rd. @protagonisthero he brought them on himself! @billmaher has not responded...not a word. his lawyers must have told him to shut up! does anyone remember this @billmaher clip when he got fired from abc- in fact fired like a dog! @meemawbellefleu thank you- i did! @kidsalty no. @simonnwrestler thank you. @kingof class thank you. @colinhaney great! @manc999 write to mark burnett. @msmaddiexo thank you. @thesween bean thank you. if everybody sued the journal news for revealing their info guns - paper would go out of business. journal news readership is already down 50 percent over the years. lance armstrong was given veryvery bad advice! lance armstrong made a really big mistake by opening up to oprah. ill bet he wishes he had the chance to do it over again. look i have always liked lance armstrong- i just hated what he did to himself including recently. his life will now be hell. the first ever all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc premieres sunday march 3rd! congratulations to tom scocca and timothy burke of @deadspin for exposing the manti teo fiasco. ...or mentally troubled or a con . not believable that manti teo was in love for one year with a girl he never met- she then died. he is either very stupid.... can it just be new age that manti teo fell in love with a girl he never met or is it a hoax? imo--- manti teo was involved in a hoax for sympathy to get the heisman trophy. .@espns apology brent musburger was a disgrace to broadcasting--- stop being so politically correct! brent musburger did himself a great favor by saying what everyone was thinking- he is much more popular now than before. dumbass @billmaher has still not given me the 5 million he committed to charity--- we just presented him with a demand notice. .@billmaher needs to cut back on the pot and maybe he will stop making offers he cant afford. .@billmahers show is great for helping me get to sleep--- better than sominex. .@hbo should fire @billmaher and bring back @dennisdmz- someone that is actually funny. i ll bet lance armstrong wishes he didn t do the interview with oprah-- he s saying to himself what was i thinking? the interview with oprah will cause lance armstrong huge legal and financial problems- sometimes it is better to go into a corner and hide. .@boeing stock went way down because of 787- so i just bought stock in @boeing- great company! all time hit leader pete rose should now be in the baseball hall of fame. he has paid his penalty! trump dorals renovations are right on schedule once completed it will be the top resort in the u.s. miss alabama @ katherinewebb stopped by to say hello today. you wouldn t believe how tall and beautiful @ katherinewebb is- 6 5 in heels. she is also a total winner in... @tman99us @ katherinewebb that s shaquille o neal s shoe. lance armstrong did himself great harm last night. lawsuits & failure will follow him! .@oprah was great-- amazing that she got lance armstrong to totally destroy his life. why did he ever do that interview? the interview was great for @oprah and terrible for lance armstrong! teos imaginary girlfriend is one of the great cons of all timeor hes very stupid. i still say te o did this in order to get sympathy for the heisman votethankfully he did not win. alabama people are saying their team has real football & real girlfriendsnot good for notre damebut theyll be back! .@deadspin guys are total losersthey had their story stolen right from under their bad complexionsother media capitalized! dummies @deadspin had their big payday taken from them by others in the media. .@deadspin will never make itthey dont understand graciousness or moneyand best guy is leaving? .@deadspins disgusting response will teach me & others not to be nice anymorea sad lesson. @ishimwepatrick @buzzfeedpsa thanks patrick--a great compliment. @amalfas she can t but i adore her. @efswagner thanks. @thephilliesgirl @crossingbroad @deadspin sad losers! @cmedenise thanks. @brunhooooo wrong! @lcf42 @deadspin they are total losers. champion @bretmichaels triumphantly returns to 13th season of all star @celebapprentice. spoiler bret is back to his winning ways. @sdoocy thanks steve. @northsydgirl yes. .@ katherinewebb with some of my memorabilia. @nmonastra @deadspin thanks nick. @brookychan not negative! @bighank500 thanks hank. new york should frack. thousands of jobs and millions in revenue. ny would be a truly rich state. trump dana-farber waiting on bill maher via @bostonglobe. take action every day and stay focused for the long haul. - think big. @agnesphagnes @deadspin thanks. @eawiii yes and thanks. most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning. the art of the deal. @mattmogul happy birthday tomorrow matt. republicans and democrats must come together now to make america great again! wow...nyt reports @celebrityapprentice was the number 1 show in branding on television for all of 2012. i wish president @barackobama the best of luck in his second term... ...whether you are a republican or democrat we should hope that pres. @barackobama does a great job for the country. my @foxandfriends interview discussing pres. obamas inauguration @gop debt plan & @celebapprentice #1 branding. obamas second term is going to very tough for the republicans. the republicans must pick their battles wisely and play smart. golfer bids 130000 for round with donald trump in scotland for charity via evening express. get ready for the fireworks between @omarosa & @latoyajackson in 13th season of all star @celebapprentice! neither one will back down. hypocrites! @jamesokeefeiiis new video shows journal news reporters refusing to designate their homes as gun free. glad to hear @insideedition has hired @ katherinewebb to cover @superbowl. she will be absolutely terrific! miss usa pageant is proud. pay attention to the small numbers in your finances such as percentages and cents... socialists think profits are a vice i consider losses the real vice. - winston churchill. the presidents speech was very combative toward republicansthey have obviously not earned his respect! republicans dont extend the debt ceilingmake the great deal now! if the republicans need a chief negotiator i am always available--or can recommend some really good ones! obamas speech indicates he wants to change this country as we know it--wow he really feels emboldened. part of obamas new-found confidence is that the republicans arent using their power of ideas properly or effectively. @chididdy57 @lancearmstrong well he s now paying a big price! @eakrogh emil--great & do well with it! @moorereva thanks myriam--starts on sunday march 3rd @nbc at 9 pm est. @holtonhancock thanks and enjoy! @coteter @barackobama just success for our country! @torresterrell @barackobama thanks! @mikayladreyer thanks! @tubby511 @barackobama he is too smart to do that! @kaszie @barackobama casandra--it s not--thanks. @coco471031 you really sound like a loser no-name! @meatthead @souljaboy @kennicotasks winning! @mattonu @billmaher not looking like it! @gonzobeachboy i don t go away! you must promise that you will never cheat off manti teos test papers. @mscijihenderson midas touch is a good choice for those with entrepreneurial interests. @thedarangatang thanks timothy. @sprinkler22 @gil1fresnoca very nice thanks barb. @selfminted you do and thanks. @titi1211 thanks tiffany. @bretty1973 thanks--enjoy your visit. @brwneyesnbama thanks bobbie. @crewsawyer hope so! @ichrisandrews way beyond! @robds101 easy--only small area. @justjoanne247 @barackobama of course i do--for good of country! here i am with @rodstewart at mar-a-lago. @thecleverloop true! @jeffjarvis you were a terrible editor who got fired?--and you were wrong. @albertenstein @bostonglobe and a dumb guy! @phakzenvanklipz only tell the political truth--thanks. my @shalom tv interview discussing my video endorsement of @israelipm @netanyahu and past visits to @israel. @jedijerad thanks jedi. @stevegpritchett thanks steve! @hmachann thanks heidi. @lynn5101953 sadly true! via @ew: @celebapprentice all-stars first trailer. .@keithurban is excellent on american idolgreat touch solid guy! @anthonynotweet make sure you are doing what you love to do. you need passion to keep you going. @marvelle thank you--a great compliment. @ghosttoast99 i do--and say hello to carson. .@barbarajwalters barbaraget better fast & stay healthy forever. @adkradio thanks and good luck. @ritter1025 ellis--get well soon! the worst negotiators in history otherwise known as republicans have just offered to suspend debt ceiling for four months. pathetic! republicans are always worried about their general approval. with proposing to ignore the debt ceiling they are ignoring their base. watch this great behind the scenes video of @ivankatrump s spring 2013 photo shoot-. one positive from last week for lance was that everyone was focused on manti te o! why did lance do that interview? the tea party delivered the house for @gop so they could be fiscally responsible. instead they have been irresponsible! has pres. obama or the white house told the public what happened in algeria yet? wheres the media? scary. over 8332000 americans left the work force during obama s first term how did romney lose that election? happy 8th anniversary to @melaniatrump. pride yourself on your ability to find creative solutions to tough problems. - think big. i cannot believe the republicans are extending the debt ceilingi am a republican & i am embarrassed! i can accept failure everyone fails at something. but i can t accept not trying. michael jordan. when the new york times sold their beautiful long-time building for peanuts & the buyer flipped it for a massive profitthey lost me! ... in order to occupy space in a truly ugly office building in a much worse location! the new york times should never have moved out of their magnificent original home... be sure to read my column in @cnni europe is terrific place for investment. back by popular demand @traceadkins delivers in the upcoming @celebapprentice all-stars season. yes he sings. congratulations to @netanyahu on his electoral victory. he will now be the longest serving @israelipm. a great leader. stamps are going up once again. now the us postal service will lose even more money. exxon donated 250g to obama s inaugural i guess the democrats have no problem accepting money from big oil. please tell me what is going on with the republicans? @asphipp @traceadkins @celebapprentice march 3rd on nbc at 9 pm est. i still cant believe we left iraq without the oil. there is no world problem which cannot be solved if people of good will & intelligence want it to be. health insurance premiums are rising by double digits another tax to the consumer by obama care. enjoy! in 2010 alone our trade deficit with china cost over 566000 jobs this is unsustainable for the american worker. @trentdav thanks. @brogfro that s true! @dtrainyc work hard and thanks. @amilcaralvarez great! good luck! @unique4x thanks. @mamaberg63 true! do you notice the silence lately on wind turbine monstrosities? the people of scotland & many other countries are fighting back. @gzervs work hard be focused and keep your momentum at full speed. @lecirquenyc thanks sirio--great food! .@billmaher has not yet sent me the 5m he owes which i am giving to various charities. come on billyou made a deal. @scotty752 @melaniatrump thanks scott. @larkyjunior @tomclaridge84 @daveydanger @melaniatrump thank you. we have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - milton friedman. @crconnections thanks and enjoy. @andeyr @rodstewart thanks andey. i just saw my new tie & shirt collectionits fantasticunbelievable look. go to macys now to buy! .@celebapprentice having top brand impact 2012 ahead of idol survivor x factor & all others has caused quite a stir- no surprise! top brand impact is what television is all about from the commercial standpointa big deal for @celebapprentice. almost every television network wants me badlybut i stay loyal to @nbc. you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - think big. todays assignment: read chapter 7 trump tower: the tiffany location of the art of the deal. focus on how i marketed the property. @corymacrae yes i am--i am saving it from wind turbine destruction! @mrjpl it is trump! @logisticshelp thanks nick. @hellcat1963 sadly true--but it can change. @securitylecture that is not the reason. @billkinglanark @dkberman @mathewi that s true and i love it! by continuing to give massive subsidies to scotlands ugly wind turbines @david cameron is playing right into @alexsalmonds hands. .@gretawire gretayoure wrong kirsten powers is a dummywasnt she anthony weiners girlfriend? via @breitbartnews: exclusive - trump counsel cannot confirm or deny interest in buying new york times. wind farms are now being paid to shut down a complete waste. @jwizzle03 hi justin. @nicolenulton thanks--romney sadly did not resonate! @elliotg1959 have a great time at a great place! @maxwellpearson great! @cynthiawebster he had very bad advice. @vincegraff because my mother was born in scotland & it will be destroyed by windfarms. @sbair115 @gretawire they call me names but that s ok? @euan888 thanks euan--we will save scotland s great beauty--no turbines. @euan888 @david cameron @alexsalmond so true! @jutkarsh great and thanks. @denoforensics good idea--enjoy! todays assignment: read chapter three of think big basic instincts. focus on my acquisition of 40 wall street. .@thegarybusey returns to @celebapprentice all-stars this season. his streak of chaos and havoc continues! @vanessceballos be concise. the @nytimes was very nice in reporting that @celebapprentice was #1 on all television for top brand impact 2012. thank you! ...terrible for the economy and a job killer. china is laughing at us! watch obama push major global warming legislation early in his second term... the real estate market is slowly improving. still a great time to buy. you will thank me in 5 years. @3 lilmonkeys @gretawire @kirstenpowers10 check her records! @nathalies 29 nathalie--thanks and best wishes. @mattyp941 thanks matthew! the republicans better be careful. obama is out to destroy them! @joebaker1234 100 real! @freeillinois yes. @dirksmathias thanks dirks--my honor. @enjorgetamez great! @elliotg1959 elliot--i just liked your tone--have a wonderful time at doral. @scootysee my pleasure. @hamodavo @primetimeemmys but true! @drakefrisby but i doubt it! @alyx518 and many other countries! @nurserichrange @billmaher yes. @rdpomin everybody says that! thanks. don t find fault find a remedy. -- henry ford. @burnerirons hi nick. @voicenationlive work hard and smart! @kevin johnson68 @trapasso2501 happy birthday. it all comes down to one simple question: how much money can you stand to lose? thats how much risk you should assume. one of the keys to thinking big is total focus. the art of the deal. wow the alis just nominated my purchase of doral in miami as transaction of the yearthanks! radio interview w @seanhannity discussing @philmickels0n why ny must start fracking & staying in @gop primary. bought @johndeere stock a year ago for old fashioned reasoni love their product and service. one of the countrys dumbest newspapersthe palm beach post--should be put to sleep. its dying. @pbpost. .@philmickels0n is rightcalifornia taxes are far too high. its ridiculous. @mjhockey113 not much! @marcomateoochoa true! @guinnesscode true! @mfantauzzo1 thanks matt. @inthehere true! got to know senator @johnkerry in aspen colorado years agoa very solid and stand-up guy. wind turbine syndrome is affecting tremendous numbers of people in their wakestop ugly turbines. the freezing cold weather across the country is brutal. must be all that global warming. .@lisarinna is at the top of her game in the upcoming season of @celebapprentice all-stars. our fans love her. the iranians are having difficulties with their nuclear program but no thanks to us! u.s. small businesses are truly worried about rising healthcare costs and taxes i told you so! president obama s inaugural had record low ratings. what does that portend? lots of people are asking whether or not i should have run for presidentstay tuned for the answer. maybe im old fashioned but i dont like seeing women in combat. face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack welch. always remember: dress for the job you want not the job you have. think like a billionaire. @beaumontanthony @omarosa @latoyajackson @celebapprentice true! @chriisxedge thanks christopher. @danschreibs dope! @hellcat1963 thanks ann. spain s government is closing down wind turbines--- the maintenance is higher than the income. 60 minutes treats president obama with kid gloves--- mike wallace is spinning in his grave! gov. @bobbyjindal referred to the republicans as the stupid party. now he has given dems a phrase to use. is gov. @bobbyjindal the stupid one for using the phrase the stupid party when referring to the republicans? i wonder how @joebiden feels after last nights love fest between obama and hilary on @60minutes. cant be too happy. here i am with whitney houston at a party at mar-a-lago. a-rod should do the yankees a favor and never play again. .@tigerwoods is playing like his old self in the farmers insurance open. he will have a great year. still waiting to hear from @billmaher. every day he dodges me is one less day that 5m is being used for charity. a leader does not deserve the name unless he is willing occasionally to stand alone. - henry a. kissinger. @victorfrisina me too@ a great place. @letendrelarry larry send the money to police athletic league nyc. @cletendre21 @letendrelarry but not hard enough--good luck chris. @sandyinu we ll see. @mattingly27 @billmaher stay tuned! @ellie sinclair thanks ellie i will. two years ago i told everybody to start looking & buying housesi hope you listened! but there is still time . if you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths rather than travel worn paths of accepted success. - john d. rockefeller. the new reality. chinas economy underpins global demand our leaders just watched as china took full control. a-rod is now being investigated for continued doping @yankees have a great opportunity to dump him now. go for it! via @pbpost: faldo calls team-up for golf course with trump entertaining. tvs darling @therealmarilu is back in this years all-star @celebapprentice. marilu is a fierce competitor. @daraghrohan happy birthday and good luck! just as i predicted people are going to be shocked by the rise in premium prices thanks to obama care enjoy! sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. the art of the deal. @cherylcohen1 he s a druggie. @moekharrazi i love all sports! @letendrelarry thanks larry. @jamesche85 @yankees true! @leesport7 thanks--they are working on it. @largemarv74 @yankees not even close but that doesn t matter! @lynnfiorenzano thanks lynn! @ridetheory horses went up also! @wwws0 wrong--built world s best golf course that is doing great! @spanishflyar09 @ivankatrump thanks andy. @bahia6085 @billmaher thanks--stay tuned. @erolyalim thanks erol. @justinhhsc wow--that s really nice! @donhall5 don--a terrible story fact . @cgjeezy tea. @marybeththm @therealmarilu @celebapprentice marilu is a fantastic person & really smart! @nlaspada7 true! @vintagesmitty eric--true! @tjljunior @billmaher let s see! @loriwedgewood thanks. randy moss said he was the greatest receiver of all timeno wayit was @jerryrice! randy moss should not be bragging about himselfim the only one who is allowed to do that! the republicans will get zero credit for passing immigration reformand i said zero! immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country! sounds like thats whats happening. you have to have confidence in yourself and confidence to know that what you are doing is right. think big. ... people love to hear their names and their stories said out loud. think like a billionaire. remember peoples names and small details about them. use both in conversation... .@alexsalmond see attached article. very frightening to people living around these monstrosities. champion @bretmichaels is back competing in the upcoming all-star @celebapprentice. premiere is march 3rd on @nbc at 9 p.m. est. another nasty season premieres sunday march 3rd at 9 8c on nbc! flashback: donald trump would fire a-rod via @espn 10.17.12. .@yankees are privately ecstatic over a-rod s latest doping bust. the evidence is damning @yankees don t want him. glad to hear @ewerickson has moved over to @foxnews. erick is a sharp political analyst. rt @therealkiyosaki: donald trump coined the phrase multilevel focusing --i love it. it is when two ideas intersect & form a new innovation. oh the wonders of the arab spring. our new allies in egypt the muslim brotherhood just called the holocaust a myth. @marybeththm @therealmarilu @celebapprentice i agree! @mena le true! @raydelmusic that s great--you will love what we are doing! @firefighter8597 i love that idea! @santini1014 thanks--a great building. @phatsdad thanks roger--ali was and is great! i dont know why the @yankees keep paying a-rodthey have a perfect out. pervert alert--serial sexter @repweiner is polling to test the waters for nyc political run. obama s speech in las vegas yesterday cost the taxpayer 520 per word and over 1.6m more money borrowed from china. ... will happen when you go against the tide when you take a risk and it works. - think big. go with your gut. take chances. if you think you have the ingredients that you need take chances because your biggest successes... impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - napoleon bonaparte. @frankb550 thanks. @gotowardsthesun good luck! @rapone91 i agree! @cjohnson623 only one of -- but thanks! @jim w magee thank you! @jeffcdl that is indeed true! @mikekunert @jerryrice true. @thegnomeabides thanks. @tbrown2334 not good! @orangepop911 i do! @mala13slp @barackobama true! well-maintained real estate is always going to be worth a lot more than poorly maintained real estate. -- the art of the deal. little @macmiller sent me an expensive plaque for making his song donald trump such a big hit. mac you still... little @macmilleri dont need your praise - - just pay me the money you owe. @ccade937 thanks cynthia. just did an interview with my friend @marksimoneny. congratulations to mark on his new show on @wor710. .@cnbc titans: donald trump is available to live stream on @netflix and @hulu. watch! big newswowu.s. economy shrinks! .@ivankatrump @erictrump & @donaldjtrumpjr take no prisoners in boardroom of all star @celebapprentice. where do they get it from? @rfussell good idea! @nyctiggy 3 minutes. @stuartyphilpott @johfax i have a 93 approval rating in scotland. @brianchampagne @oliviaculpo olivia is great--x10. @ktsarita good ideas and hard work! faldo to rework two doral courses via @foxsports. @tiffanybrowninc @macmiller not really! @dirkbockel thanks and good luck. everyone is asking if and when i will endorse a candidate in the nyc mayoral race. doing my due diligence. yes i will give my @superbowl pick tomorrow. watch @ katherinewebb cover it on @insideedition. the real estate market in vietnam is booming. growth is everywhere in the world except for the us. let other people talk. any business conversation should be two-sided. think like a billionaire. little @macmiller you illegally used my name for your song donald trump which now has over 75 million hits. little @macmiller i want the money not the plaque you gave me! little @macmiller im now going to teach you a big boy lesson about lawsuits and finance. you ungrateful dog! .@celebapprentice flashback: what @bretmichaels learned from the rock star of real estate. @hantas88 not even a little bit--thanks. @minlarrycornel @foxsports i agree. @politcnews thanks--that s trump international hotel & tower. see ungrateful little @macmillers statement to me a year ago - he was kissing my ass! little @macmilleri have more hair than you do and theres a slight age difference. chuck hagel showed gross incompetence before yesterdays senate panel...our new secretary of defense. hagel s performance yesterday was the worst i have ever seen before a committee of any kind! be sure you put your feet in the right place then stand firm. - abraham lincoln. donald trump to name golf course after mother via @scotsmandotcom. the upcoming all-star @celebapprentice puts the celebrities under the hardest tasks we have ever given. we really pushed the envelope. bad. @gallupnews survey shows 30 of businesses not hiring-- they are worried they wont be around in a year. @jackiedee16 @celebapprentice march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc. @nmbr8 @celebapprentice thanks deanna. as promised my @superbowl pick is the san francisco @49ers. @steelmagn new york. @mr oghene great--enjoy! @bennypagejr best buildilng and service. @terryscotland @alexsalmond which they should! @johnnyire1 true--good luck! @drewhemijk thanks drew. good luck. @chiamboy8 thanks for your kind thoughts i love s.i. partnerships also require negotiation. it should be a win-win setup. otherwise its not a partnership. midas touch. instinct has a lot to do with timing. you have to be patient & wait for your instincts to tell you the best time to make your move. ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if hard times hit. @jaypward thanks jay. @jnorr11 many thanks. remain open to new ideas. that s where innovation comes from. @minlarrycornel thanks! the lights went out in new orleans...the country s lights went out also. we are not the same place! the country is being run just like the stadium. i picked seven super bowl winners in a row & would have been right last night had the refs thrown the flag. @misskhan thank you. .@billmaher didnt come through with his promised 5 million for charity so today i will sue him. i dont know whether i will win or lose the @billmaher lawsuit but had an obligation to sue for charity. donald trump dedicates second scottish golf course to beloved mother mary via @mailonline. i am very proud of my friend @omarosa. despite her recent lossshe gracefully performs in the upcoming all-star @apprenticenbc. @gradymc sadly that s right. @edwardashton30 true and true! @exider2010 and that s okay. @vuyolwethumanka thank you very much. @gp237 thanks--my honor! @davidbarringer2 that s right. @mktgdynamo @foxandfriends thanks. @asklepios333 true and not good! @prw staysfresh that s good news! be sure to listen to my interview today w @stevemtalk on @newsmax media congratulations to steve on his new show! if karl rove & @gop establishment continue to attack the tea party who delivered in 2010 then there will be a 3rd party in 2016. @bobhapka @sdoocy thanks! @misskhan very nice--thanks again. @jchorvath11 thank you. @robblapp true and thanks! .@marklevinshow has been saying very nice things about me on his show recently. he has a fantastic radio show that i always enjoy! @z7one march 3rd 9 pm est on @nbc. china is about to acquire 82800 net acres of a texas shale oil and gas field what are we doing! china is buying our shale and gas fields & obama still wont approve keystone pathetic! now the chinese are hacking @nytimes & twitter when will we hold these thieves accountable? victoria s secret reps were nasty to @kateupton and now she is doing great. surround yourself with people who are smarter than you. -- @unclerush. i also plan to keep making deals big deals and right around the clock. the art of the deal. @hellcat1963 @mailonline a great beauty! @tiffanybrowninc yes and thanks. @omz213 yes! @beaumontanthony @marklevinshow thanks anthony. @jamester49 good luck. @jeremygreen98 @yankees yes. @tsecor sorry have to be a member. @maggiedubh yes. i am a cautious optimist. call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. 4 gasoline wowopec is very happy! gas prices are going up big leaguei told you sopayback to opec! @erolyalim thanks and yes. wise words from my father: know everything you can about what youre doing. fred c. trump. wise words from my mother: trust in god and be true to yourself. mary macleod trump. to entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees so make it an example that will best serve your success. then ask: what am i pretending not to see? these two simple questions can pave the way for some very clear answers. ask: is there anyone else who can do this better than i can?thats just another way of saying know yourself & know your competition. @995mu wow--that would certainly be interesting. @drewmillington actually too many to pick one. @erolyalim could be true--thanks. @thisdj84 yes--leadership! @18 chaz no discounts only penalties! @rapgameortiz thanks--work hard. @loisleyn thanks. @groovyhank thanks. @cathyconstanti1 @billmaher thanks! @brendamckinley they were amazing thanks! @mdahgod work hard and smart! @klshrew nice--thanks. @darleneflaherty he was great--loved kew forest. @massbucketry then why do you follow me dummy! @1967porky yes. @tomeitel @mattadamsfol great! @tnhicks she was great! @e hig hi erica...and thanks. the big and highly respected cooley llp is handling the @billmaher case for me. a top firm like cooley will only submit a case they believe in and can win. my @foxandfriends interview re: @superbowl blackout @bobbyjindals stupid comment & suing @billmaher f 5m. via @newsbusters: donald trump issues statement regarding 5 million lawsuit against bill maher. .@brandenroderick returns in all-star @apprenticenbc 2001 playmate of the year is a determined competitor. she is terrific! trump @doralresort is hosting the wgc @cadillacchamp from march 6th 10th. join me--i will be there all four days. glad to hear @brentbozell @marklevinshow @ewerickson & @tppatriots are standing up to @karlroves attack on the tea party. with the record high february gas prices hurting the economy even more reason to start fracking. will create jobs & lower prices. @toddclark true and thanks. @johnmark88 thanks. @cheftramonto keep going! @chriswerner1988 great--thank you! @maryrosesgarden mary--great! @festenoc true and thanks. @destinywyatt11 true! don t bunt. aim out of the ball park. aim for the company of immortals. - david ogilvy. @gordondhue thanks. thanks @sherrieshepherd 4 your nice comments today on the view. u were terrific! @nick burrell the art of the deal. money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score.the excitement is playing the game.the art of the deal. @missshavon1 @celebapprentice thanks coming up soon march 3rd. had a great time on the @howardstern show this morninghe will and should never change! again immigration reform is finebut dont rush to give away our country. thats whats happening! re: immigration. do the republicans not realize that dems will get 100 of 11 million votes no matter what they do? immigration reform really changes the voting scales for the republicansfor the worse! you should always feel comfortable bargaining for goods and services. i do it all the time. think like a billionaire. @zwlykins @johnnypaulcole which hotel? @haidermadhatter speak to vince. @jayknowles1978 just the beginning! @neilcromie be smart & work hard! @katherinetrunk thank you. the best deals are good for everyone which creates a win-win situation. negotiation is persuasion more than power. @moogoo3544 thanks. @nathalies 29 thanks nathalie. look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. @derekpringle2 appears that you are. @nascarnac thanks ric. @spewrange @sternshow thanks. @bahia6085 true and thank you. @pierpaolomonni @unclerush thanks. @paulmilton28 @howardstern thanks paul. @joestocks thanks--will do. @jtthebossman thanks jack! @smarsh7818 @stern100 thanks and that s good news. good luck. keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. @theraja22 @sternshow thanks. @phillykayman @sternshow thanks andrew. .@nba hall of famer @dennisrodman rebounds for a tremendous performance in his return to this year s all-star @apprenticenbc! great guy! wow- no longer saturday delivery from u.s. postal service- no money- our poor poor country! @zwlykins @johnnypaulcole what are the dates for the hotel stay? via @newsmax media: maher being sued by trump over birth certificate bet on tonight show. @johnnypaulcole @zwlykins okay thanks. congratulations to @gretawire on the 11 year anniversary of @foxnews on the record. always enjoy being interviewed by greta. she s great. happy 102nd birthday to president ronald reagan. every day that passes reagan s presidency looks better and better. oh the wonders of the arab spring. our new ally the muslim brotherhood hosted ahmadinejad yesterday no more aid. .@sternshow my interview with howard stern this morning! just as i predicted immigration reform will increase the cost of obamacare over 300b more money borrowed from china. be tough be smart be personable but don t take things personally. that s good business. @deedsjames thanks. @ricardohernang @celebapprentice thanks ricardo. @jaine004 thanks jane. @odogpundit thanks owen. @mfbrooklyn true and thank you. @cmtoms101 @rightwingb thanks enjoy. now a-rod is claiming that @mlb and @yankees are out to get him he should just get the hell out of nyc already! terrible cbo forecast for 2013--1.4 gdp growth and 7.5 unemployment really 17 you get what you vote for! @zwlykins @johnnypaulcole your upgrade has been granted & noted by the front desk. have a wonderful time at trump international las vegas. people like doing deals with me because they know it will be profitable that i work quickly and that they will be treated fairly. my @tmz interview with @harveylevintmz discussing how i will see my 5m lawsuit against @billmaher to the end. @jeannewmanglock in charlottesville virginia... if we ever forget that we are one nation under god then we will be a nation gone under.- ronald reagan feb. 6 1911june 5 2004. @agnatelee great! @joanneeileen thank you. @idiotsavant24 @billmaher thanks! @markrucci @e hig great going mark. @jagadis63 thank you. @iggy rodriguez great--and great city! @michaelcoffey1 i hope so! @tomkatz @sternshow thanks tom. @barkyjason thanks. @georgenedelkof1 true and thanks! obama can kill americans at will with drones but waterboarding is not allowedonly in america! democrats try so hard to mock & belittle republicans& the republicans just dont fight backno energy! @hancockmariana thanks. @st33ly dan @howardstern thanks! keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunites & possibilities & thinking too small can negate a lot of them. knowledge requires patience action requires courage. put patience and courage together and youll be a winner. @edwardashton30 yes. @pennjillette thanks penn will be interesting--see you soon! @tiramis81858117 wow--thanks. @pizzaman77 in retrospect i agree with you. @dorisartist thanks doris. @erikcantu even better government kills by drones but we can t even own guns. thanks erik. @socialmediabowl i have just responded! why are people giving money to karl rove when he just wasted 400m without any victories? use your head. karl rove is a total loser. money given to him might as well be thrown down the drain. karl roves strategy and commercials were the worst i have ever seen. @colenechia116 thanks colene--very nice! keep up the good work. @megmmurphy @howardstern @ivankatrump thanks a lot megan. @zniosdig @melaniatrump very kind thanks. @aaapgs thank you nice work. @scmaness thanks! donald trump ed koch and the ice skating rink: a tale of bureaucracy @actoninstitute. must read article: conservative fury at rove erupts by jeffrey lord @amspec. @russ steinberg be careful! @lurdkberry thanks. @moorereva @tmz @harveylevintmz @billmaher keep fighting and learning! @jayceemccain thanks and good luck. @denoforensics 100 true. @ericboucher true! @edwardashton30 thanks--food for thought! @socean5 interesting! @candi2577 great! keep working hard. @djcoles1 great! good luck. @clar68 great thanks. @nathalies 29 once again thanks nathalie. @ewerickson @hunterbaker erick--thanks--and that was an easy one--closed for eight years! @saseret12 true and thank you. @jconstantinides @howardstern thanks jimmy. @tbott22 @howardstern thanks. negotiation is persuasion more than power. be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from. @yesterdaybyurs take the time to make it great. @rayk71 happy birthday ray. back by popular demand this years all-star @apprenticenbc sees the return of @claudiajordan! our fans love her. @bahia6085 thanks suz for your comments. @derrick503 the golden rule of negotiation he who has the gold makes the rules. read art of the deal & how to get rich. develop your gut instincts and act on them. you will have your biggest successes when you go with your gut--but be very smart & careful. a-rods forgery defense is blown the more he lies the worse it s going to get. @yankees want out of his contract. @jkells2005 know everything you can update daily & cover your bases. hagel committee vote has been postponed as hagel refuses to disclose all his finances. china keeps manipulating its currency at our financial expense. why do our leaders continually let china run all over us? the past 4 years have seen the weakest multiyear recovery since wwii need to loosen regulations and lower taxes. @africanpriest thanks. @chocolateb4bed thanks michael. can you imagine if bushs administration drafted a memo legalizing the killing of americans?! democrats are such hypocrites. @citychik thanks andrea and good luck. @noslenevets i agree. @adetonaoris great good luck. the dollar always talks in the end--although our pols are killing the dollar! is @karlrove incompetent? 400 million dollars down the drain and not 1 victory! @karlrove ashley judd ad makes her and obama look great...nobody wastes money like karl rove! see the ashley judd ad by @karlrove and you will definitely vote for her and love obama. @karlrove is a total loser...save your money! .@karlroves ad is the best thing that ever happened to ashley juddsimply increases her profile. ashley judd targeted by @karlrove s super pac in ad video. being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you have to trust yourself and your instincts. @lucasg203 good luck! @jeff m hamilton it s about time! @edwardashton30 thanks. @atunameltonrye good idea. @bgoldsmith26 yes if they fight! @notdevondalton thank her for me! @darrengiven thanks darren. @chrisr52 thanks i am. @macbenz46 @southsalem but he will get it! @hoylier i was never a fan or defender of bush. @misterespinal thank you. no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. - samuel goldwyn. @ferretti911 keep your focus and never give up. @jxgriffen be confident pay attention--and good luck. @marygracedh good! @tahanigoingpro thanks. @mrcunningham89 thanks cam. @jakestadgangsta thanks jake. dummy @billmaher forgot to say that he made an absolute offer which i accepted. hopefully charity gets 5m dollars. how does @hbo employ @billmaher with a pathetic show that he does---- what kind of a special is that? complete garbage! .@billmaher s so called show on hbo must be the cheapest special produced in the history of television--- it sucks! good luck @roccomediate and nice hat! congratulations to my friend @roccomediate on winning the big golf tournament today! via @politicalwire: tweet of the day. i dont like bullies. i am not going to stand around and watch @karlrove target the tea party. karl rove gave us barack obama. loser. why does @karlrove lie about his reagan credentials? hes a bushie through and through. great column by @howardfineman on @huffpostpol: karl rove is done. donald trump offers political advice to palm beach republicans via @sunsentinel. donald trump: karl rove is a total loser so why are people still giving him money? via @mediaite. thanks to donald trump via @amspec. my pleasure jeffrey! trump: i love the tea party they love me via @newsmax media cross posted on @foxnation. .@karlrove is far more to blame for obama s victory than the tea party. had a great time hosting the palm beach county republican at mar-a-lago. @ingrahamangle gave a strong speech. shes great! rt @ingrahamangle: trump int l golf club west palm beach is spectacular. almost makes me wish i had time to play learn like golf. ... a great person inspires others to see for themselves. harvey mackay. a mediocre person tells. a good person explains. a superior person demonstrates.... via @bet: donald trump blasts beyonc for suggestive super bowl show. ... but @billmaher is allowed to say that about me. can you imagine if @billmaher said about obama what he said about me orangutan etc the press would run him out of the country... what do you think of my suing @billmaher for 5m for charity? he made an offer i accepted. donald trump: karl rove has done ashley judd a favor via @sheknows. i endorsed a book on obamacare & it just went to #2 on the new york times bestseller list! preview of obamas sotu: more taxes bigger government shrink the private sector end the republicans & bankrupt the country. enjoy! sad. our food stamp rolls now surpass the entire population of spain we must do better or we will be greece. going to charlotte nc to speak before more than 20000 people on saturday morningtotal sellout crowdwill be great! while in charlotte this weekend will visit my trump national golf club on lake normana magnificent place & doing really well! via @golfweekmag: trump reveals routing for second course in scotland. .@melaniatrump looks amazing in 2000 @sinow! trump to build second scottish course via @upi. its okay but why do the haters & losers want to follow me on twitter?? get a life! sorry but @piersmorgan is a good & smart man who is doing really well. thats why he won @apprenticenbc. my doral country club purchase was made just before miami real estate market went through the roofgood timing! the new course at trump international scotland will be a par-72 layout with five sets of tees ranging from 7540 yards to 5630. how can any senator vote for hagel as sec. of defense after that horrific hearing? he is not up for the job but will probably get it. seal who shot bin laden is unemployed & cant feed his family everyone can get welfare but this seal cant eat! magician extraordinaire @pennjillette is back in the all-star @apprenticenbc. this time he has even more tricks up his sleeve. always pretend that youre working for yourself. youll do a wonderful job. its simple but it works. have confidence work hard and keep your focus on the small things that matter while keeping the big picture in mind. to all young college graduates stick in there keep your head up and make sure you dont miss any opportunities. they are out there. @millionayer hi and thanks. great news - @tppatriots are starting their own super pac to fight @karlrove via @thehill go get em! another must read from jeffrey lord @amspec: rove email leaks: ideological war opens in gop. will the keystone xl pipeline finally be approved? will create over 100000 jobs and make us more energy independent. @wmtoddc keep your vision intact -- be positively persistent. the presidents speech tonight will largely focus on class warfare. the republicans dont know how to handle thati do. surprised @eagles signed michael vick yesterday to be their 2013 qb. vick is talented but brittle & probably won t last long. i dont know what will happen with the lawsuit against dummy @billmaher but have an obligation to charity to bring it. check @billmahers background & you will find he is not a smart guyhe just wants people to think he is--just call him dummy. @dougtammy14 thanks doug skylar and tammy. @carsenadeline yes absolutely. there are always opportunities and therefore hope. good luck carsen! @traceybabe8 work hard and keep at it! @pathselo good luck! i went to wharton made over 8 billion employ thousands of people & get insulted by morons who cant get enough of me on twitter...! @bcdorris @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc well trace will now have a second chance. @scottjfata i like joe paterno and his family. @kateywhitey i am right--current tense. ny should frack now. whats the hold up? is albany opposed to creating jobs and making gas cheaper for middle class? successful people don t have fewer problems.they have determined that nothing will stop them from going forward. dr. benjamin carson. @mayorgas thanks! @toyeenb @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc true! @opskoppromosies hello. @utcrager thanks. @kevinrleyland interesting! @parisitony just a small percentage. every business has surprises hidden dangers beneath the surface and little known opportunities that can lead to huge success. @bfree007 definitely worth it. @assyrianvoice thanks. @belloved21 very nice thanks rachel. @justinjacosalem thanks--but they should get a life. @jurciuoli19 not a bad idea--thanks! @madisonjar yes. @eawiii thanks and good luck. @harrell kelly thanks kelly. @ellis38671w thanks--work hard & good luck. when will people realize that @billmaher is not an intellectual but actually a rather dumb guyjust look at his past. @parrguy thanks tom. @rvpandrewz looking forward to it--thanks. @eddiecash23 great and best of luck! @rubletz true--isn t it sad! @tracecowgirl @traceadkins @celebapprentice .@traceadkins is a fantastic guy! @amitchellmo recognize the opportunity focus on it and don t give up. luck is often earned. the harder you work the luckier you get. - gary player. @dalhines thanks--they are good kids! @jarredpolseno thanks jarred. @karidaway2388 thanks kari. @jesslivin hi jessica and thanks. @amelionaire69 thanks amelia! @ixfor okay great! @nydave77 good luck! pay attention to global news and developments--in today s world that is a requirement not an elective. @zkoppe work hard! @nmccay yes. gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. marco rubio is being crucified by the media for drinking water during speech! next time marco rubio should drink his water from a glass as opposed to a bottlewould have much less negative impact. looking forward to being interviewed on the @marklevinshow tonight at 6:30 pm est. be sure to listen! .@senrandpauls tea party rebuttal to obamas sotu explained why limited government promotes freedom. well done! @droppinloads29 @billmaher @rosie but rosie is smarter than @billmaher. @kentoidi8 @billmaher yes but we must act soon. @jma187 @billmaher interesting! @sunderscore20 very nice--thank you! @steffanpiper very good! @emeka89 thanks! @dellaadame much worse! @julespq thanks--glad it was good. @beckettgop thanks brian and good luck. @mattwalker1809 anytime! @mamababyhood work hard focus be persistent and think smart. shes back! champion @joan rivers returns to the boardroom in this years all-star @apprenticenbc. joan is ferocious. @mrdemain27 thanks darren. @79rose79 i was never a big fan of bush--he gave us obama. @beanann wall street journal & lots of others including television. @thejbish @billmaher you are right but i always believe in hitting back--and thanks. speaking to a record crowd of over 20000 people in charlotte arena this saturday morninglook forward to it! what a shock higher taxes are slowing retail spending wait until 2014 when obama care is fully implemented. @captainndiet it will be great! @paulkay220 great and thanks paul. @yadapup i will try! @ecnew york thanks! @james g w dummy i never went bankrupt. whatever you are doing right now make sure to stop for a minute focus and ask yourself am i thinking big? @bragg tina thanks--read my books they can help. @marrs cat sounds like a good idea to me! be focused be disciplined be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. @chinnis 28 today. you ve got something unique to offer--find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist? innovation can follow.. what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and follow it. do not pray for easy lives. pray to be stronger men. pres. john f. kennedy. wow trump international hotel & tower toronto was just ranked #1 out of 138 hotels in toronto! @trumptoronto. @jurciuoli19 happy birthday! it is important to think positively. negative thinking will kill your focus and destroy any chance you have of being successful. if us air & american airlines are allowed to merge ticket prices will skyrocketthere will be no competition. @rayshacanup will be great--thanks. @elishanews thanks. @dtcairney great success! @uptownfrills true! @uptownfrills @apprenticenbc definitely exciting. @marygracedh @trumptoronto thanks. @racentrone thanks robert. paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself and your interests. @goofyname march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc. @gilbertobm thanks gilberto and good luck. @evamannarino hi evelina. remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time youre expanding your net worth. @mchalefrank thanks and good luck. congrats @trumptoronto for being ranked #1 on @tripadvisor and a travellers choice 2013 winner! @hisbloodsaves great school--thanks! @thomasfuller46 @ivankatrump thanks thomas! @meliabila great--and good luck! @david s ballard true! donald trump on mark levin: karl rove is one of the most overrated people in politics via @therightscoop. my @marklevinshow interview discussing obama s sotu rove s attack on the tea party & all-star @apprenticenbc. @alexlyonnn @kendallmcvey sounds interesting. @doriandehari thanks dorian--it pays to persevere. @hialexcarlson thanks--just common sense. really enjoyed my interview with @marklevinshow. he is terrific! @tonystang thanks tony good luck. via @breitbartnews @biggovt: war! trump levin pummel rove as conservative battle escalates. via @bw: donald trump vows to fight scottish wind farm plan in courts. trump: rove gave us obama via @cnsnews. @foodnfocus happy valentine s day! if us air and american airlines are allowed to merge we are back to the days of monopoly. i believe in free markets but allowing a merger of us air & american airlines is totally ridiculous! will control most of us market. everyone s favorite frontman twisted sister lead singer @deesnider returns to this years all-star @apprenticenbc. dee does great! @jason23 9 @deesnider @apprenticenbc march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc. the tea party is filled with great americans. despite being mistreated by everyone including @gop they will continue to fight on. .@gop need to face reality not one of the illegal immigrants granted amnesty will vote republican. @plsclonenugent thanks susan. @makeupwithme7 thanks--work hard every day! @mayorgas good! and good luck! @kaybee0h @acnnews and i look forward to it--big crowd. in my office with banana joe who just won the @wkcdogs at @msgnyc. @eawiii @melaniatrump thank you edward. @johnssaba it will be great--thanks. @microger you re right--billions. not only did egypt destroy its civil society w the muslim brotherhood now it is a complete economic mess. no surprise with the talk of amnesty in dc illegal immigration is picking up in arizona. obama vacationing in west palm beach starting tomorrow. he should play a round at trump int l golf club - #1 rated course in florida. @nwsocialist dopey--big success and great for scotland! @jdmael watch what happens dummy--it won t be pretty. @mandielaurin good! @andresrojas35 thank you andy and best wishes to you. @mamababyhood thanks--keep up the good work. thanks for all the great comments on all my recent interviews. much appreciated. @michaeljdgregor you re absolutely right. @sassy grunch @joan rivers @apprenticenbc seriously! take responsibility for yourself--it s a very empowering attitude. @jmbruh @jdmael complete is good. if you can count the amount of time you put into a project on your fingers then you havent spent enough time on it. @rosscooker thanks. @ruru 89 thanks. @sfyfe n thanks neil. @hosscasey happy birthday matt. @dommarino21 thanks dom. @wrousey @marklevinshow thanks will. @moorereva good. never give up! do not give in to anger. it destroys your focus on goals and ruins your concentration. think big. @preppermeister thanks and good luck. @cynlanjoh keep up the good work cynthia. success is good. success with significance is even better. work on what you will be proud to be associated with--make your work count. remember if you don t promote yourself then no one else will! likewise believe in yourself--or no one else will either. @philegl that s good news! congrats. @nydave77 keep at it! @mattdaddyx6 thank you. @brandonarantes that s right hard work it is. but worth it. @reed11593 thanks adam! i never want someone working for me who doesnt want to be there--and in the same way you shouldnt want to be there either. @bryanbrager #1 be passionate. if you love what you re doing success will follow. with passion discouragement can t take hold. via @theblaze: donald trump on how rubio should have drank his water. trump: rove made a fool out of himself via @cnsnews. all-star @apprenticenbc has done the impossible. tv s greatest villain @omarosa & @thegarybusey are in competition. fireworks! @craigkotter thanks--will be great! @chrisgd61 @apprenticenbc @omarosa @thegarybusey march 3rd 9 pm est on nbc. @realmisshiusa13 thanks brianna! via @freep: trump to speak to gop. looking forward to speaking @acnnews international convention tomorrow morning in charlotte nc. @mistdriscoll thanks see you tomorrow. @gleasondp good idea. trump national golf club charlotte is the premiere club in north carolina. will visit tomorrow. the american-us airways merger will create even worse service and much higher fares. people have been asking to hear my howard stern interviewyou can access it on @howardtv. chuck hagels nomination has been held up for at least 12 more days. a lot can happen. @jrzbeach thanks eileen! @goonerdad52 hi chris. looks like @bwilliams is having some problems with his rock center with brian williams show--i hate to see such bad ratings for @nbc. if the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led like sheep to the slaughter. - george washington. wowfamily feud said i am the third most envied man in america. i respectfully disagreei am very modest. if im the third most envied man in america the small group of haters and losers must be nauseas. great going. @marissanail25. thanks. @erinstockwell. thanks. i said gas prices would sky rocket after election - opec payback! i am surprised that hugo chavez can keep power in his weak physical condition! @gwhitttttton. thanks! @suciogato. thanks. @tjknox8. thanks. jerry buss was a great guy and friend. he will be missed! @kaywiggs thanks! be tenacious. being tenacious means you re tough and patient at once--a formidable combination. listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. use your instincts--you alone know where you want to go. my @foxandfriends interview discussing pres. obama playing golf w @tigerwoods us airways-american merger & oil. my exclusive @wsoc tv interview with @blairmiller9 discussing trump national north carolina & future deals. great to see @yankees captain derek jeter back on the field. he will have another great season and make nyc proud again. all-star @apprenticenbc premiering march 3rd on @nbc features terrific tv stars competing in the toughest tasks yet. will be great. dianne gallagher @dianneg is a great reporter for news channel 36 in charlotte nc. fantastic interview--thanks! i love the lakers and when you love the lakers you want them to win so badly that you will work tirelessly. - dr. jerry buss. trump: i like north carolina we are looking at another deal via @wsoc tv. via @theobserver: donald trump: lake norman golf course one of the hottest places around. @diego arria. i hear you are doing great! take care of yourself. being an entrepreneur is a big task. so what can you do to prepare? first and foremost expand your focus. - midas touch. .@billmaher says that the iraelis are controlling our government @hbo. let s fire him a second time. idiot @billmaher always forgets to mention that i am suing him to collect the 5m for charity that he expressly offered. good news - @afphq is going to fight back against roves attack on the tea party go get em! @marklevinshow. now china is helping iran smuggle nuclear parts . china is not an ally but our country s greatest threat & rival. donald trump will keynote oakland county republicans lincoln day dinner via @mlive record crowd expected. 5 a gallon gas and we have yet to approve the keystone xl pipeline. opec is laughing at us. always protect against the downside--the upside will take care of itself. donald j. trump. the many losers and haters never have the brains or stamina to become truly successful! too many people rely on auto correct...an assistant of mine apologizes! @mrstuckerx. thanks. @shanediesel777. thanks. @ilevitan. number one rated hotel in toronto--and getting even better! best wishes. achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. re: success-- don t put blinders on and do not limit yourself reach out seek and explore. think big at all times. @louriz thanks lou. @tylerponton i will. @ralphige thanks! @boblo lady thanks. @scifivision @celebapprentice thanks jamie. tune in march 3rd for the new season--you ll love it. @jerryyanks thanks jerry. good luck. @taylorsangordie focus on your goals work hard and never give up. good luck! @scottgray0622 thanks scott. . @angieevanhorn thanks angie for your comments. @paul1994loan chicago is a great city and we have the most beautiful location. yes it s doing well! thanks. review your work habits & make sure they are taking you in the right direction. don t tread water--get out there and go for it. @josephciarla thanks joseph. @bguzqueda thanks boris good luck. @walexjoe9 thanks! @tgsituation thanks tyler. @josephc45 do you understand sarcasm? @tommo1903 thanks craig! dummy @goangelo who had 11 people show up for 15 min. at his massive rally at macys is trying to get publicity for self by using me. my ties & shirts at macys are doing great. stupid @goangelo is making people aware of how good they are! looks like a lawsuit against goangelo wont workmy ties & shirts doing too well at macys--he s actually helping. i have no damages! ...while i fully agree it is not politically correct! im really saddened to see that @cher was voted the 4th ugliest celebrity according to @listverse.... the oscar pistorius disaster is a really interesting story to mea very sad situation for everyone! my @ wcnc news interview w @dianneg touring the magnificent trump national charlotte course & facilities. .@dianneg @wcnc to the news bigs -- elevate dianne gallagher immediatelyshe is terrific! via @kmovnewsfeed: photos: tour donald trump s nc golf club. former winner @bretmichaels returns to all-star @apprenticenbc march 3rd on @nbc. bret shows once again why he is a champion! i had amazing time in charlotte. great people & many new friends. i look forward to coming back very soon. congrats to gavin & staff. i am hearing that @nrcc digital director @lansing is doing great work expanding and modernizing @gop social media. good we need it. @mrmokelly. dopey nobody is laughing at me! it is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it. - douglas macarthur. despite all the statements to the contrary obamas policies will increase taxes on everyone enjoy! @loadednightclub. thanks. @mldemmons. go angelo failed and gave up - now wants more p.r. - loser! @barbaric yawwp. sadly it s worthless! @leatherneck03 thanks and good luck! @icybersurfer thanks paul. @america4randr. thanks! ...and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties. harry s. truman. a pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities... the job on cbs the 15th copy of the apprentice was just cancelled - i love it! the apprentice. - 10 years 182 shows - many at number one for week or night -amazing! @nbc. @tonytan0. thanks tony. @piersmorgan. thanks piers you helped make it so! @cathco9. thanks. @marksrink. a toy next to the apprentice - just a friday fill in! @missynewman12. thanks. @sebspikes. thanks. @zachcb1. thanks. @frankmdavisjr. thanks. @rickythebitch. thanks. @jschwab2. thanks. @onmylevellopez. that s why you re a failure! wow macy s numbers just in-trump is doing better than ever - thanks for your great support! @livesayrobin. thanks. @michaelrubinton. thanks. @sufiology. thanks. @chrisbarno. great chris. @michaellunsford. thanks. @maybach zach. thanks. @rothsteintravis. art of the deal. @michaellunsford. thanks michael. @alan liljegren. thanks alan. @yolie4ms. loser! @robertsuppa. thanks. @katt8808. thanks k. @andreamoorehous. thanks. @andeyr. thanks andey. @innovember2012. thanks. @ff3476. great. @jennymorris427. thanks jenny. @megalouise88. o.k. write me. @lp084. thanks. @sandyogg1. thanks sandy. @trooper0017. thanks. @jamyawh. thanks great. .@mcuban you were excellent on howard stern...thanks for the nice comments about my kids...yours are winners also! john mccain had a really hard time with his town hall meeting on immigration. they really went after him! republicans must be careful with immigrationdont give our country away. if you think we have a problem with social security and medicare now try taking in millions of new citizens all at once. @jamesrobert hi robert--good luck. my twitter has been seriously hacked--- and we are looking for the perpetrators. only 10 more days until the premiere of all-star @apprenticenbc. on march 3rd at 9pm est @nbc the fireworks return to the board room! twitter will soon be irrelevant if lowlifes are so easily able to hack into accounts. interesting article by @newtgingrich @humanevents: why rove and stevens are plain wrong. congrats to miss universe 2011 @realleilalopes & @giant great @osiumenyiora on their engagement! i am very happy for you both. china is not our friend. they are not our ally. they want to overtake us and if we dont get smart and tough soon they will. ... it is all about incorporating a sense of optimism into everything you do while also acknowledging the negative. think big. positive thinking is not merely wishful thinking... drew peterson just got 36 years for killing his wife - bring back the death penalty! @mandasueheller. a hall. i ve just done a major dateline for nbc - march 3rd just ahead of apprentice. what would all-star @apprenticenbc be w out a baldwin? @stephenbaldwin7 is at the top of his game this season. our fans will be happy. donald trump visits doral resort says hes allaying neighbors concerns via @miamiherald. fear defeats more people than any other one thing in the world. -- ralph waldo emerson. ... will be there front & center along with the 70 greatest players in the world. wgc-@cadillac championship. enjoyed my visit to trump doral in miami yesterday. looking forward to returning for the wgc-@cadillac championship on march 6th-10th... the pga tour just extended my trump doral contract for wgc for ten years. vince mcmahon @wwe and i hold the all-time ratings & pay-per-view record in the history of wrestling. ... doesnt seem like they have a coherent strategy right now. for the republicans to have any success these next two years they must have a long game plan... ...then he who continues the attack wins. - ulysses s. grant. in every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten... @kennyshosho thanks! @ukfan71 thanks. @legit73791728 thank you. @erolyalim yes she is very tall--5 10. @piano807 thanks! @shopgirlusa. good idea. @joequinn6. thanks joe. lance armstrong is now being sued by fed govt-what was he thinkking? i will be on@gretawire tonight at 10 p.m. now i know she will get great ratings! @robertgwinjr. i hope so! @thecrystashow. thanks crysta! @rifenburgtweets. thanks. @billwhiteny. thanks bill! @ringalenegotti. thanks. @japotter81. it will be great. i hope oprah gives lance armstrong 100 million dollars because that s what that ridiculous interview will cost him! @farm mom. true. @beaumontanthony. next sunday! republicans better start listening to and respecting the tea party! big response to my tea party statement-remember they were never fully energized by romney campaign and will have far more power with time. why didn t movie lincoln use ford s theater for big scene instead of the stage of an unrelated theater? i m saying that the tea party perhaps by another name will soon have another big moment- and will be a major factor in victory! by popular demand i will be tweeting on the very tainted academy awards tonight! come on goangelo don t give up now just because your rally at macy s drew only eleven people for twenty minutes! i love@ macy s. dummy goangelo keep letting people know how great my shirts ties and cufflinks also success are at macy s.the best-now everyone s aware! @wobby sobby wow timmy thanks.. congrats to @jimmiejohnson a great guy on winning daytona! @mkasun. thanks. @alexleiser33. thanks alex. here we go with the oscars! how do you like seth and oscars so far? i don t like the opening even a little bit! you are right-more like the opening of the tonys. django unchained is the most racist movie i have ever seen it sucked! very tacky set! shirley b did a very good job singing goldfinger! not easy. lincoln never sounded like that! @scottflakne. thanks scott. anne hathaway is a good winner! sorry i never went bankrupt and don t wear a wig it s all mine ! the oscar broadcast is really boring - where is the glamour and beauty? jane fonda and michael douglas look great! i ve had enough of this - good night! i ll be doing fox and friends this morning at seven. @5thmcfly. in april - thanks. @arjuwan. great and thanks. @fl richierich. great. ...overall the academy awards were very average at best. last night william shatner had more airtime than any winner. it should have been called the william shatner show... how did you like michelle obamas bangs last night? why do losers & haters always say i wear a wig when they know i dont. like it or not its all minejust ask barbara walters. whenever one of the morons say i wear a wig stop reading because they have no credibility & just hate. @jurciuoli19 very good! @jaderomaine thanks and good luck! @dynomike3 hi mikey--work hard and good luck. @roxannequintana thanks roxanne. .... it is a very effective & commonly used business tool. people buy deals & immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals.. almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... speaker john boehner who i like should never have agreed to raise taxes because the republicans got absolutely nothing for it! the media is so in the tank for obama that it is amazingthe funny thing is he cant stand them! ...so far he has been a complete failure at doing so. he should read the art of the deal and use his energy to focus on a new career. an individual whose whole career is trying to take down successful celebrities with nonsense campaigns has turned his attention to me..... .@marissamayer is right to expect yahoo employees to come to the workplace vs. working at home. she is doing a great job! @anchantra thanks--the big question is why! @jurciuoli19 i will. @bethosborne14 thanks. @rpmnana thanks good question good point. @jmarktiller thanks. via @mediaite: trump to @gretawire: sequester cuts dont go far enough. my @gretawire interview discussing why the sequestration cuts are necessary our 17t national debt & 2016 election. my @foxandfriends re: the sequestration failure of leadership in dc china playing us & taking over in 2016. donald trump blasts the oscars via @theblaze. via @mediaite: donald trump trashes tacky boring oscars blasts racist django unchained. obama is making speeches excoriating the republicans and they never answer back. why arent they fighting? must read column by bob woodward explaining how obama pushed for sequestration & promised no tax increase. the 85b sequester is just 2 of obama s 3.5t record deficit spending budget. our leaders are ruining our children s future. the countdown is on. the 13th season of all-star @apprenticenbc premieres this sunday march 3rd at 9pm est on @nbc. big! our leaders are terrible. the government spends over 50b a day. it cant find cuts for less than 2 days of spending?! sad! obama is finally stopping the chinese from buying something in america windfarms what a joke! ... & all obama is concerned about stopping them doing is buying wind farms. china is buying gas fields in texas & stealing our corporate secrets... rt @nrcc: good to hear @realdonaldtrump is on board.gop is the party of free enterprise.join us as we innovate:. wow i was just informed that i m being inducted into the @wwe hall of fame-- a great honor -- 4 6 13 at @msgnyc-. @david18graham. thanks david. @paul1994loan. thanks. shark tank is a dead friday night filler compared to the apprentice which has been number one show for week in the t. v. ratings! @theonlycdorsey. thanks. @turrizal. thanks. @mjgrilliot. thanks. @jorkellett. interesting and thanks. @whalinn5. no but thanks. @ramirodamil. thanks. the united states better address china s exchange rate before they steal our country and it is too late! china is laughing at us. @mike121z. no! @teaparty321. my honor! @reidtruuu. great! @rockshannon108. thanks. @deasworld. thanks. @keval camden. thanks. @newyorkatm. thanks. set your sights and aim high. you never know what you can achieve until you focus on achieving it. - midas touch. rt @austinroneil: @realdonaldtrump thanks for all the inspirational quotes. helping encourage this young entrepreneur. :. lord grant that i may always desire more than i can accomplish. - michelangelo. via @miamiherald: donald trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame. via @bleacherreport: donald trump to be inducted into wwe hall of fame. donald trump: yahoo marissa mayer are right employees should not work from home via @huffpostsmbiz. now i know that yahoo is in good hands. it took great courage for @marissamayer to take away the right of employees to work at home. ... also if theyre at home who the hell knows what theyre doing a second job maybe . when employees are working at home they can never have the same cohesivness as working together as a group... ..... i wonder if angelo has a job or is on assistance. in any event i m sure he is a nice guy! a certain whack job go angelo who doesn t have a life- spends his time hopelessly attacking me re: macy s.... .....you keep forgetting to mention the fragrance success ! thanks go angelo people are now really aware of my ties shirts and cuff links at macy s-. ... at madison square garden followed by a ceremony with 80000 people at metlife stadium wrestlemania. it is a great honor for me to be inducted into the @wwe hall of fame. this will take place on april 6... ... and pay per view records with battle of the billionaires in detroit. it was a wild day! one of the reasons i assume i was inducted into the @wwe hall of fame is that vince mcmahon and i have the all time highest ratings... i will be on @latenightjimmy tonight. always have a good time with @jimmyfallon. now we know he will get high ratings tonight. country music star @traceadkins returns to all-star @celebapprentice. competing for @redcross trace is great! @gjelajg be passionate about your work focus and never give up. donald trump reviews oscars: django racist ceremony boring set tacky ... via @eonline. just a few more days until the 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice premieres. be sure to tune in this sunday at 9pm on @nbc. big! there is no comparison between @apprenticenbc and shark tank in the ratings. the apprentice beats shark tank hands... but why shouldn t i speak out? don t you speak out in this country? - george steinbrenner. the ruling @gop consultant class of losers like @karlrove have no respect for the tea party. they do this at their own peril! you have to feel bad for the democrat senators. they dont want hagel either. just following obamas orders. .@tedcruz must be doing something right if @cher sadly rated the 4th ugliest celebrity according to @listverse is attacking him. looking forward to the @cadillacchamp at trump doral next week 3.6.-3.10. cant wait to meet the attendees. #wgcdoral. @lefteydowns @austinroneil great! @bryantash thanks bryan. @preewbrfu1 wind turbines are a disaster! dopey @billmaher still owes me 5m for charity. i hope he pays up before @hbo fires him--which will happen! on jimmy fallon tonight. why does@ bill o reilly keep putting karl rove on his show-a total waste of time. rove spent 400 000 000 and didn t win a race-pathetic! jimmy fallon show will be great tonight - i m on! i ll bet jimmy fallon gets great ratings tonight! @peace janise: @realdonaldtrump i ll be watching! break a leg! thanks. will be on howard stern at 6.45 a.m. and the today show at 8.00 a.m. @mrmikelobikis: @realdonaldtrump proud of you bruh. thanks! @hoppmar. great and thanks. @jesscot: @kuhpuh @pennjillette awwww... i freakin love celeb apprentice and @realdonaldtrump & @bretmichaels thanks. @taliahfogal: one of my favorite celeb that i follow is definitely @realdonaldtrump hands down #success #truth thanks. @rileyjswanson: donald is a stud. on late night w jimmy fallon tonight he was sharp as a tack. @realdonaldtrump thanks. @mailloua: @realdonaldtrump the all star @apprenticenbc looks awesome from the clip i just watched on @jimmyfallon!!! thanks. @camiladerosax: favorite family will always be the trumps @realdonaldtrump thanks. @chriscannizzo7: @realdonaldtrump great appearance! thanks. @elithefourth: .@realdonaldtrump i emulated you for a speech in 8th grade. i look up to you. #htm #purduecal #accredited thanks. @crimmsnchin: @realdonaldtrump your the man donald . #trump16 thanks. @jaylonseales. @jracker33: @realdonaldtrump 2016... running for president? #trump2016 thanks. @rpbriggs: @realdonaldtrump on @howardstern tomorrow morning is going to be great. donald is such an entertaining interview. thanks. @paul christidis: @realdonaldtrump you are a person someone should aspire to be #dedication #commitment thanks. @gringalinds: @realdonaldtrump donald i watched you on fallon. i love you and always have. how bout a tweet back : thanks. @my deeary: i wish @realdonaldtrump would teach me all his little secrets to success good idea! @melissa7889: @realdonaldtrump @jracker33 you should run for president! thanksvery nice! @kaskman2: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for apprentice to start up again i have watched every season #yourfired thanks. @blueice67: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to watch the best show ever!! #theapprentice thanks. @karsynsharp. @b stander: @realdonaldtrump i read your books and i think america would do itself a favor to elect you as president. thanks. @andrezakar: @realdonaldtrump just bought a trump series mattress.... awesome and exactly what you expect from trump. thanks. just did howard stern show-great time. now doing the today show with ivanka. enjoy! @ryanthedee: @realdonaldtrump i had a look round trump international golf course in aberdeenshire scotland. it is stunning. thanks. @pzpower @wwe vince is fantastic! @trish3d @traceadkins @celebapprentice @redcross he s great! heading over to@kelly and michael re. apprentice! @kymdelange wow what a great honor--thanks. @bkfviking123 thanks bryon. .@goangelothe next time you have a rally @macys try getting 12 people instead of 11it would be much more effective! @thomasblack2013 sunday march 3rd on @nbc at 9 pm est. @seehorse72 thanks kim. @ingrahamangle thanks laura--found out via your twitter! @gjelajg @forq2 thanks--very nice. @jtalboy @traceadkins @celebapprentice @redcross true! @scherroe amy is terrific! @swift vic @lexiarri they usually put the leftovers on friday like shark tank. @pga4terry @apprenticenbc thanks terry. @hvrhrump i will--thanks-- success is fantastic. many people have commented that my fragrance success is the best scent & lasts the longest. try it & let me know what you think! go confidently in the direction of your dreams. live the life you have imagined. --henry david thoreau. @amize @mcuban i win no contest! ..guy in front asked for picture- said he was the biggest fan never saw the guy in back. was photo bombed yesterday by a wise guy when i left the set of @latenightjimmy... .@ivankatrump and me at the @todayshow this morning. ...and says something is seriously wrong. he will never go down as great! the pope should not have resignedhe should have lived it out. it hurts him it hurts the church... via @today clicker: donald trump promises tough and mean and nasty celebrity apprentice. great news - @barbarajwalters has fully recovered and will be back on @theviewtv this coming monday. barbara is wonderful! must-see morning clip: donald trump addresses lil wayne tweet and celebrity apprentice via @salon. my @latenightjimmy interview with @jimmyfallon discussing the new season of all-star @celebapprentice. everyone loves tvs darling @therealmarilu. but wait until you see her tough & competitive side in the upcoming @celebapprentice! @lifelongcane true and thanks. @brianschnitzler i often ask that question myself. @thomasbrennan01 great architect! @pfgabriel yes and thanks. @emanaydin made a mistake but will recover. @ialia great! just won five-star ratings for hotel and restaurant from forbes travel guide. @therealchosen1 thanks and good luck. @ryanthedee hopefully he will not destroy scotland. is everything ok over there @salon? i actually got some good press from them today. flashback: donald trump: 200m plan for doral via @espngolf. trump doral s @cadillacchamp is one week away! via @wwe: donald trump announced for wwe hall of fame. my interview w @wendywilliams on @wendyshow discussing @michelleobama s bangs & all-star @celebapprentice. my @todayshow show interview with @ivankatrump discussing the fierce competition in all-star @celebapprentice. the trump doral s @cadillacchamp is floridas premiere golf-tournament. i ll be there! tickets available here:. there was a major diplomatic breakthrough yesterday w the white house iran & china. all celebrated chuck hagel being voted in as sod. what is wrong with the @gop? now they want to give all authority on the sequester cuts to obama pathetic. @lynk339 thanks. @scotty752 thanks scott. @sdcrane @marissamayer excellent. @kat3500 fantastic. @brooksstephen @marissamayer true and thanks. @texasblingmom interesting. @craryjohn there is none. @nal53199 i will. @stacihogan true! @ed the honest thanks ed. @wetzeldrake @apprenticenbc thanks. isnt it ironic that president obama of all people is pushing for universal background checks?! @mrsafetyman110: @realdonaldtrump where do you find the time? and energy? any special diet just have no choice but to move forward. the government will spend over 3.8t this year. the sequester is a pittance of the outlays less than 2 . wheres the problem? @obomination1 @goangelo @macy thanks. @justkieffer @goangelo @macy not much! @clstromgren many people have said that. @finger slinger thanks davis. ... the ratings of shark tank. everyone was hitting on me until the numbers came inand nowdead silence! how come nobody mentions that the nielsen ratings of the apprentice after 12 seasons-- as shown by howard stern --totally blow away... ... roves ad campaign has made ashley judd a totally credible candidate. be careful mitch! if mitch mcconnell wants to win his election hed better get rid of jinxed karl rove and fast... ashley judd has just thanked karl rove for all the attention he has given herunreal!how stupid can we get? karl roves stupid ad made ashley judd hotnow everybody is talking about her. karl roves ads are the worst in political history! .@stephenbaldwin7 and me at a press event for all-star @apprenticenbc earlier today at @trumptowerny.... .@deesnider @stephenbaldwin7 and the rest of your favorites are back! all-star @apprenticenbc premieres sunday... @misskhan happy birthday. @jtdixon inker happy birthday & enjoy nyc. @nattilyattired @pontifex i fully understand that side of the argument. @jtbone97 7 months. @bigglogz this sunday march 3rd at 9 pm est on @nbc. @ericgbassett mostly my father. @kenbroadwater true! @misscastilloh thanks gaby. @nymag true! @mena le @apprenticenbc wrong--not even close! @deannaspillyard sikorsky 76. @adrianastuijt thank you. @looayg thanks and good luck. @generalsam1971 wow--very nice thanks. @mwiggans @espngolf @cadillacchamp thanks m. being the best requires full-time attention and application. midas touch. to succeed one must be creative and persistent. - john h. johnson. @allanlarson swing hard. via @ap: donald trump returns to the apprentice boardroom. donald trump returns for all-star celebrity apprentice via @huffposttv. be sure to watch the history of wrestlemania on @netflix. my interview explains how i supported the event early on. i m proud of it. everyone is excited for @thegarybuseys return to all-star @celebapprentice. be warned this time gary is even more insane! i am very proud of @stephenbaldwin7s performance in the record 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice. watch. remember no one ever said success was easy.good luck doesnt come overnight.but if u work hard & love it u will find success & luck. one good aspect of the obama depression is that it will separate the winners from the losers. if you can make it now you deserve it! over the years i ve discovered that for a brand to build the people surrounding it have to work exceptionally well together. donald trump explains why he called django unchained racist in tweet via @accesshollywood. you havent seen fireworks until you see @omarosa & @piersmorgan go at it again! lets just say its no happy reunion. @tessahartmann thanks tessa. @jedijerad thank you. are you a democrat running in a race you should lose? get @karlrove to run an ad against you and you will win. as china is built on corporate espionage currency manipulation & cheap labor its economy is a ticking time bomb. do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.--ralph waldo emerson. @jackiehearns thanks jacqueline. @osafolmik thank you. @pammygb good work pam. @mystudentapt thanks rob and good luck. @candynecklace2: @realdonaldtrump i love love love mr. trump he is my hero thanks. thank you - so nice. @jimmiejscott: @realdonaldtrump did you ever think #theapprentice would be the ratings machine it is for so long? no but who ever knows. @samijok: @realdonaldtrump do you think #jodiarias is guilty? yes no doubt. @roxannequintana: @hollyrpeete awe get better fast little one.xoxoxo thanks roxanne. erin burnett who has no ratings on cnn in prime time now wants more money to move to the morning slot. @cnn should say no way . it is going to be a long and tough road to turn around cnn - they are looking at the wrong people! @ravdaddy: @realdonaldtrump who should they looking at? i would tell@ cnn if they were smart enough to ask! thanks matthew! by popular request i will be live tweeting during celebrity apprentice sunday 9 p.m. . @saphoros. i am happy that the job on cbs the 16th. knockoff of the apprentice was just cancelled. i love to see my opponents lose not nice ! @petercorio: @realdonaldtrump mark burnett is an ep on apprentice and the job. your producer is also your opponent? don t carelove to win. @cctscan2: @realdonaldtrump your opponents can t compete against the ratings machine that you are. thanks very nice! @josephbynature: @realdonaldtrump the apprentice.great show! thanks. @dwade85: @realdonaldtrump just book trump las vegas for a few nights vacation with my kids 151310 . will we like it? yes is great! pay attention to details. if you don t know every aspect of what you re doing you re setting yourself up for some big surprises. @fashionfindsbyr thanks enjoy! donald trump returns to the apprentice boardroom via @bw. remember this sunday i am also featured on @datelinenbc at 8pm right before the premiere of all-star @celebapprentice @nbc likes me! newly minted diplomat @dennisrodman is a completely different competitor in all-star @celebapprentice. dennis is a legend! continued success is built on building a brand people know will deliver. unless youre @karlrove. then you just blame the tea party. we should leave afghanistan immediately. no more wasted lives. if we have to go back in we go in hard & quick. rebuild the us first. due to popular demand @lisarinna returns to the 13th season of all-star @celebapprentice. lisa s fans won t be disappointed! today marks the one year anniversary of @andrewbreitbarts passing. andrews mission & legacy still lives on. @breitbartnews. only the obama wh can get away with attacking bob woodward. who would have thought that an @apprenticenbc champion would return to compete? @bretmichaels returns to all-star @celebapprentice... @realroseizzo thanks rose. stay confident even when something bad happens. it is just a bump in the road. it will pass. think big. champion @joan rivers loves being on the other side of the table in the boardroom. she leaves no punches out in @celebapprentice! if people knew how hard i worked to get my mastery it wouldn t seem so wonderful at all. --michelangelo. @bittersweet008 thanks kayla enjoy. rt @today clicker: get ready @apprenticenbc fans! @realdonaldtrump promises plenty of mean and nasty action.. joseph kennedy is really being used by venezuela and hugo c. in oil commercial! @juliewind: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump i just love your show. i have seen every season!! thanks it is great entertainment! julie wind love. @k9koda. thank you - very nice and true ! @lilisportsfan: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump will you be at doral next week so i can shake your hand again on the 5th tee? yes! @peace janise: @realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is not just great entertainment its also schooling for the business world. thanks! @forevermcin: @realdonaldtrump how much would it take for you to make out with rosie o donnell? one trillion at least! everyone should cancel hbo until they fire low life dummy bill maher! get going now and feel good about yourself! @jostephan. @dgibson120. great! remember bill maher praised the animals who took down the world trade center and was fired by abc. drop@hbo until dopey bill is canned! @scottybuoy13. thanks! @lmward7. thanks. @kharmdd59. thanks kevin.trump doral will soon be the best in the u.s. @stevesms1960: @realdonaldtrump just purchased a few trump ties. great styling! @stevesms1960: @realdonaldtrump just purchased a few trump ties. great styling! thanks. @jboyette42: @realdonaldtrump hate @hbo and bill maher. love ya donald. lets buy some property together. great deals here in fla thanks. @pjonchym: @realdonaldtrump other than yourself - what s the one reason why i should watch #celebapprentice this season?? gary b. @legsidelizzy: i do wish people would stop rt-ing piers morgan. a life without piers in it is a much better life wrong! @billionirv. thanks for the nice words irv! @vin7768. thanks vincent! is chris jackson as dumb as i hear - but i still like that he follows me like a good little soldier! @macpluto12: @molly kats @realdonaldtrump i m with trump! thanks! @coolness156: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump i loved when you called into the howard stern show. it was so real and insightful! thanks. @stumalec: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for celebrity @apprenticenbc tomorrow!! #bestshowontv #yourefired #trump4prez thanks s. @mathemagicianuk. thanks. @peace janise. thanks janise! @juicetucker. thanks matt. @richdeleo. thanks rich. @mikemessina : @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for the @apprenticenbc tomorrow!!!!! thanks mike. @joshdefreitas1: @realdonaldtrump needs to next us president!! thanks josh. @sportsguru77: @realdonaldtrump who s chris jackson? a total loser but a loyal follower! @nicolewallace04: @realdonaldtrump youre responding to everyone else but me don not anymore nicole thanks. @smithg : @realdonaldtrump should run for president next election rt #trump4prez thanks for such nice words. @blakesrobinson: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for the big show tomorrow. i ve had it circled on the calendar for months. great blake! @splinter48708. thanks. @jonreidhotchner: @realdonaldtrump i wanna be noticed by the next president of the good ol us of a any chance of that? yes! @a eduardoperaza: you re such a role model i m a big fan @realdonaldtrump thanks eduardo! @managerct25: would love to get a reply from @realdonaldtrump huge fan of the celebrity apprentice and supporter of mr. trump. thanks! @jjlyons : how comes @realdonaldtrump notices everyone but me and my tweets to him! read my tweets sir! big fan. your my idol. thanks. really bad article about me in the dying or dead esquire magazine. totally false - lots of hatred. when will this boring magazine close? @jboyle007. true and thanks john! @jcpost: @realdonaldtrump esquire is irrelevant mo one reads it anymore and no one cares. true! @zarkriggs: @realdonaldtrump it s all about jealousy. you should just ignore their false reporting. but i d rather expose them as losers! @jennyfromnexus. great advice! @mjaybat2002: @realdonaldtrump @jcpost it s still publishing? barely! @dattan78: @realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts for being selected into the #2013 hall of fame for @wrestlemania. a great honor! @dattan78: @realdonaldtrump thank you for supporting the #wwe back in the early days and now can t wait to see you inducted @wrestlemania. @dattan78. thanks! everybody wants to see and talk to dennis rodman - he will be on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9. @allenwronowski. allen and gail - you will like it - see you both soon! i will be live tweeting during the celebrity apprentice at 9 p.m. also will be hosting dateline just prior to apprentice at 8 p.m. losers and haters are invited to watch celebrity apprentice along with the many great and productive people in the hope that you will learn. losers and haterseven you as low and dumb as you are can learn from watching apprentice and checking out my tweets-you can still succeed! how does this cast look to you? pretty amazing. #celebapprentice. looks like @omarosa is up to the challenge. #celebapprentice. .@lisarinna looks better with her reduced lips. good move lisa. #celebapprentice. i always believed @bretmichaels was making a mistake in coming back as a competitor. i disagree with him but... i cant believe he would choose @omarosa as his first choice! she is hard to handle. #celebapprentice. .@ivankatrump and @piersmorgan will be wonderful advisors. #celebapprentice. .@piersmorgan and @omarosa really hate each other. #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey is definitely different. #celebapprentice. .@dennisrodman must be thinking of north korea. #celebapprentice. .@kellyandmichael are both wonderful people. their show is terrific. #celebapprentice. .@omarosa as a cashier- a big mistake by @brandenroderick. #celebapprentice. even @piersmorgan is impressed by @thegarybusey. #celebapprentice. paul teutul is always good on the show. #celebapprentice. don t worry west coast etc. we are not going to tweet who was fired or give any indication there of until after it airs. #celebapprentice. .@ivankatrump looks like a movie star from the days of glamour and beauty. #celebapprentice. .@piersmorgan is right- he won the show because i know how to play the game. #celebapprentice. i ll always like @omarosa because she constantly defends me. #celebapprentice. so what did you think of my decision? what would you have done? #celebapprentice. i will be doing fox and friends at 7 a.m. this morning. brande would have been fired immediately if she didn t raise 132000 a really large sum. bret on the other hand raised very little... ...brande was also smart in not bringing omarosa to the boardroom. @idkbrody: @realdonaldtrump: so what did you think of my decision? what would you have done? #celebapprentice trump president 2016 great. @foyt4timewinner. thanks! my @foxandfriends interview re: firing @bretmichaels on the premiere of all-star @apprenticenbc & politics. glad everyone could see mar-a-lago last night on @datelinenbc. it is the crown jewel of palm beach. .@celebapprentice wins 10-11 oclock hour in all key ratings demographics including most importantly the 18-49 age group. additionally @celebapprentice ranked as the #1 program in the 9-11 pm time period with adults in the 25-54 age group. via @stvaberdeen: donald trump reveals first image of his new aberdeenshire hotel. china has announced it is fully prepared for a currency war outrageous - they have no fear of our leaders. @misskhan thank you. if you want to be successful at anything in life you have to be able to handle pressure. think big. 1. each week you the audience can choose an mvp among the celebrities @celebapprentice using twitter... 2. the celebrity with the highest totals by tuesday noon et gets an extra donation to his or her charity. 3. you should tweet your pick for mvp using the celebritys name followed by the hashtag #celebapprenticemvp. @maryfallacaro thanks mary. @m sallis matt--hope you will have a happy birthday. for those of you defending bret and saying omarosa should go remember bret chose o which could also be considered a big mistake! to show you how dishonest some of the press is they took my funny & cont. despite previous tweet dennis rodman would do a better job than the current cont. heading to trump national doral to check the progress prior to the start of the cadillac championship on thursday. ill be there all week. rory tiger phil and ernie will be fun to watch this weekend at trump national doral. @svenisaksson thanks sven and good luck. @scheekster i agree it s a beautiful course to play. thanks. remember--the worst thing you can do in a negotiation is seem desperate to make the deal. @laurierobertson it will be fantastic! be sure to visit. @kennybud if you love what you re doing motivation is never a problem. the formula of knowledge: the best way to learn is through studying the history of success and failures in your industry. just arrived at trump national doral saying hello to all the great players. this place is amazing.come thursday & see for yourselves! @wrightmomof3 @iansomerhalder @paulwesley @joshduhamel @zak bagans happy birthday tiffany. ernie els and myself at trump national doral. when youre at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer of yourself and others. think like a billionaire. its important to promote an image of yourself each and every day. its part of having a sense of self and a sense of purpose. @theevangruver thanks evan and good luck. @mike kelly1 thanks michael. it is my great honor to be speaking at cpac 2013. they are all about what s good for america. via @washingtonpost: donald trump will speak at cpac by @rachelweinerwp @cpacnews @alcardenasacu @rgreggkeller. rt @cpacnews: acu announces @realdonaldtrump will be a featured speaker at #cpac2013! get tickets today at. @homeedmam i wish him the best of luck. @crewsawyer it will be fantastic--be sure to visit. building a brand is like building a skyscraper-the foundation comes first. the bigger the building the deeper the foundation needs to be. it was just announced that @macmillers song donaldtrump went platinumtell mac miller to kiss my ass! without momentum theres a lack of energy that can lead the best of ideas to nowhere. get your momentum going-- and keep it going. dateline nbc featuring yours truly just set a season high in households in the ratingsno wonder nbc likes me so much! @nbc. via @foxsports: trump blowing up @doralresort after wgc-@cadillacchamp by @ap. via @golfweekmag: major makeover: trump has big vision for doral by @bkleingolfweek. rt @mollycbraswell: what?! @realdonaldtrump is speaking at #cpac2013? this conference just became like a hundred times more awesome! via @breitbartnews @biggovt: donald trump to speak at cpac by @michaelpleahy. .@somelikeitlar hope you enjoyed the premiere of all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. make sure @marklevinshow watches! its been great making so many new friends at trump @doralresort for the @cadillacchamp. good luck to everyone! my interview w @nbc6 re: @cadillacchamp & my 200m of future renovations invested in trump @doralresort. @xo deannayoung good subject good luck! @jlynn 12 thanks jessica. @rcmillershow thank you. @raul esquire thanks raul. @lovitt marisa good to hear enjoy! trump has big plans for improving @doralresort via @nbc s @golfchannel @cadillacchamp. john heilemann the lightweight reporter begging to be on@morning joe looks like a timebomb waiting to explode-he s a nervous and sad mess! i don t know why but i feel so sorry for dummy reporter john heilemann when i watch him on television. go to trump national doral miami and watch tiger phil ernie rory and all of the other great players compete in the wgc cadillac champ! @signoresifis: huge fan of @realdonaldtrump i think is a very intelligent and tenacious man. big role model to me. thank you. @sadatdm. thanks. @joelalbright1. great! @ejpasseos: #cpac ticket sales spike dramatically after inviting @realdonaldtrump. are you surprised! @jguer042: good morning @realdonaldtrump. started reading think big yesterday and already almost finished. thank you for writing it thanks. @kstan500. good luck! @claudiamota: good morning @realdonaldtrump . i admire your leadership & look forward to hearing you speak next week. thank you! @leoncarmen: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump great couple! thank you! .@morning joe - wow - ticket sales go through the roof after trump asked to speak at cpac. @brad mcmichael @doralresort @nbc @golfchannel @cadillacchamp thanks brad. @pabloraffaele good thing to remember. @smk4ye good goal. @a123r7o thanks good choice & good luck. re: decisions: cover your bases then ask yourself this question: what am i pretending not to see? this can save a lot of time & trouble. notice the first word in my think big credo: think the 1st step. use everything in your power to utilize & develop that capacity. image is important and speaks more than the words or fine print that goes along with the product. midas touch. via @si golf: donald trump rory mcilroy and matt kuchar are guys to watch at @doralresort @cadillacchamp. the wgc @cadillacchamp leadership board is available here: @doralresort. via @usatodaysports: last year it was tiger woods with the walk-off @cadillacchamp @doralresort #trumpdoral. via @newsmax media: trump to speak at cpac @cpacnews #cpac13. @melpoluk. great. @lbstatkidd1977: @realdonaldtrump @wwe named you as #3 greatest celebrity moment great! @j pala: @realdonaldtrump what s the next step you accomplish so much is there more? much more - stay tuned! @no average joee: @realdonaldtrump you should run for president #genius #trump2016 thanks! @codyaa722: @realdonaldtrump are they going too low for you at trump doral? yes. @read n learn: @realdonaldtrump first day at doral was awesome greens looked perfect. can t wait to see the course after your changes. @amowjf: @realdonaldtrump you are a true champion.. just started a company n i m reading ur book the art of the deal ..tremendous help.. @savvy princess thanks becky. @jaw44444 @celebapprentice agree--thanks! @hallmarr hi hallmar. @melpoluk good luck! golf is a brain game & is a great way to improve your business skills. concentrationassessment technique & passion...it s all there. you have to be patient as well as enthusiastic when it comes to your goals. think big but be realistic. think big. make sure to tune in to all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc this sunday at 9pm est for another round of fireworks and surprises! via @miamiherald: donald trump aims to bring luxury to doral golf resort & spa @doralresort. @axelpals be prepared to go it alone--being an entrepreneur is not initially a group effort. keep your focus. read midas touch. rt @doralresort: thanks! rt @gem3wood: @donaldjtrumpjr you guys @doralresort have one hell of a leaderboard. love this tournament. follow trump @doralresorts wgc @cadillacchamp leadership board here at @nbc s @golfchannel. @ziggi92 good luck. surprise china has spies throughout nasa stealing our r&d when will we ever make them pay for espionage? acu announces donald trump to address cpac 2013 via @cpacnews. resolve to be bigger than your problems. whos the boss? realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. get the big picture but be prepared for the picture to change. be persistent and alert every single day. how much is south korea paying the u.s. for protection against north korea???? nothing! i m at trump doral right now tiger will tee off shortly. i will be live tweeting during the @apprenticenbc tonight at 9pm et. that was some episode last week-we ve got a great cast! bret had a target on his back from the get go... there s definitely no love lost between piers and omarosa. trace and his team raised an amazing amount of . looks like a good season for charities. omarosa always promises and delivers high drama... firing bret was a tough one for me-but omarosa doesn t seem to mind. will plan b miss trace? will team power be able to withstand omarosa as pm? smooth sailing is not expected. my 757 is incredible-i think the teams agree on that. which team do you think has the edge in this interactive photo experience task assignment? honest omarosa: she won t backstab-she ll come at you from the front. trace delivers check to hospital in nyc: american red cross must be grateful to trace and his team for their tremendous work. what do you think of gary s definition of f-u-n? gary as the cat in the hat? he can work it out. on the whole the teams seem to be working well together. no wars...yet. what?! latoya is saying omarosa is one of the nicest people she s met? next she says she s being set up by omarosa to fail....is somebody confused? omarosa is very confident that the execs loved her concept & presentation. does anyone agree with marilu that gary while adorable is a distraction? re omarosa: nasty tough or smart...or all? which team is your favorite? it s true... dennis is really into this-very animated. i have never seen him this way before. re my hair-should i change it? what do you think? the losing team is now back in boardroom. i can t discuss the team members or what s going on or what happens from here on out. let us never negotiate out of fear but let us never fear to negotiate.--john f. kennedy inaugural address january 1961. .@celebapprentice was #1 on network tv last night in its time slot and easily won the 10 oclock hour in all major demographics. my @foxandfriends int. re: tigers victory at trump @doralresort s @cadillacchamp my wh tour offer and cpac. if you have built castles in the air your work need not be lost that is where they should be. now put the foundations under them. thoreau. to @tigerwoods he is truly a great champion and we were honored to have him at trump national doral. @doralresort #trump. @brandenroderick brande-- thank you! you have been a pleasure to work with. . @deesnider is a great guy & a total winner! he understood - he did not leave me any other choice. look forward to keeping in touch. between a terrible press conference mishandled prisoner swap & taliban attacks hagel s 1st trip as sod was a disaster. no surprise. according to new employment numbers 296000 americans have dropped out of the work force & gave up looking for work. really looking forward to my address @cpacnews this friday morning at 8:30. will stress jobs etc. can t wait to see my many friends. .@graeme mcdowell great playing this weekend. you are a true winner. we look forward to having you back to trump national doral. our economy has had worst recovery under obama since the depression. results of his policies speak for themselves. no new taxes! re: ashley judd: keep @karlrove away. he already made her a viable candidate. a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - albert einstein. via @newsmax media: trump says hell foot bill for white house tours. via@politicalwire: trump offers to fund white house tours. via @nro: palin trump get longer speaking slots at cpac by @katrinotrinko. all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continues to dominate the sunday 10pm slot in every key demographic. still hot after 13 seasons! glad to hear @ehasselbeck will be staying on @theviewtv. elizabeth has great presence & doesnt back down from sharing her views. congratulations to @newyorkobserver on celebrating its 25 year anniversary. great paper under amazing management! my @cpacnews speech is scheduled friday at 8:45am in the potomac ballroom. will also be telecast live on cspan & cable news networks. a note from the fabulous mark burnett: donald congratulations again we are #1 in the 10:00pm hour. i am tweeting about it. @wilsonleeflores thanks wilson. @gllleymon900000 thanks spence. hamas has warned pres. obama not to visit the temple mount during his trip to israel. whether you realize it or not your brand can be many times more valuable than your business. midas touch. be a yardstick of quality. some people aren t used to an environment where excellence is expected. - steve jobs. ...the ads made her look great and now she probably will run. ashley judd s candidacy was created by karl rove s terrible ads even before she thought seriously about running... if you love what you do you are going to work harder you are going to try harder and you will be better at it. - think big. @jeffzephir thanks jeff. @hammerleamanda @therealkiyosaki thanks--and good luck. @peruvianmuse @cpacnews great! @rantanrave @cpac thanks! @paulteutulsr. thanks paul - we miss you! autism speaks head up by bob & suzanne wright does a fantastic jobif only we had more people like them! to help:. help fight autism--go to website for donations & government activation. help save the lives of our troops.our #vets suffering from tbi pts need treatment @makeitvisible donate to. @grantgphoto my best wishes. @karlbstumpf yes and thanks. @hrtbrknomore74 thanks and good luck. @msmarjc thanks mary. obama spurns trump offer to foot white house tours via @newsmax media. its sad that the wh is punishing children from across the country by closing all tours. doesnt have to be. wh should take my offer. @vcross8 agreed they re doing a great job. @heyavampirebat good idea--i wish him luck. via @politico: donald trump to get more cpac time than marco rubio @cpacnews knows how to prioritize! lines for my @cpacnews address start at 7:00am outside the potomac ballroom. acu has asked that you get there early. #cpac2013. the sequester is less than 2 of total 2013 budget. why cant the wh re-allocate funds and keep the tours open for children? #openourwh. .@cpacnews had its largest ever ticket sales the day of my announcement. really an honor. cant wait to see everyone. .@lukedonald you are so good and so talented that i have no doubt you will conquer the 18th hole at the new blue monster @doralresort. @annamplf the art of the deal and think like a champion would be helpful. best of luck to my good friend derek jeter on his first game today back at shortstop. @yankees captain is a warrior & winner. in making any decision you need all the facts. but after exhausting all due diligence in the end you have to go with your gut! according to new wpost-abc poll obama has just lost 14 points on public trust with economy. do your homework. wasting other peoples time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. you have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why. midas touch. @kevconnorsespn. great and good luck! celebrity apprentice will be rebroadcast tonight at 9 on cnbc. i watched mark cuban on jay leno last night - what a jerk! congrats to @erictrump and @laraleayunaska on a great five years! @dennisrodman thank you dennis. dummy @mcuban made up a story about a visit to mar-a-lago last night on leno. it never happenedi dont talk that way. .... do i get the credit for this? thank you! wow--just 1 day after my offer to fund all wh tours obama backtracks on decision to cancel all white house tours ... the dc press corps is obsessed with my @cpacnews speech which is scheduled tomorrow 8:45am in the potomac ballroom. can t blame them. to show you how shallow politicians can be many are jealous of my @cpacnews speaking slot & also their fellow republicans! not good! congratulations to my catholic friends on the selection of pope francis i to lead the catholic church. people that know him love him! donald trump explains celebrity feuds: i speak the truth via @digitalspyus. . @barbarajwalters made a great decision in firing @joyvbehar from @theviewtv. the show will be better without her! @rickstone1282 @yankees thanks rick. @trader greg thanks. good move by @msnbc in downgrading @wegoted to a dead weekend spot. this is truly a guy who shouldn t be on tv. interview w @andreatantaros discussing my wh tour offer @karlrove s terrible ads & ashley judd s candidacy. i love watching dummy @mcuban promote on ok show named shark tankbut he is just a small part of that show. when @mcuban had his own show the benefactor it totally bombed! via @espn: @dallasmavs most likely scenario remains finishing a frustrating ninth in the west. really big crowd expected tomorrow morning at # cpac2013. i look forward to it! cpac attendees & fellow patriots - lines for my @cpacnews start at 7:00am outside the potomac ballroom. make sure to get there early! obama hasn t released a budget in over 2 years & for the 1st time house & senate delivered budgets before him. theres a reason @mcubans partners cant stand him and on top of that the team sucks! ...those stupid people bought @mcuban s company of which he owned a piece . .@mcuban has less tv persona than any other person i can think of. hes an arrogant crude dope who met some very stupid people... in the general course of human nature a power over a man s subsistence amounts to a power over his will. - alexander hamilton. when you think big you will automatically trigger more details because details are the major component of making anything big. the cpac speech went really well this morning--- first speaker--- standing ovation. i really enjoyed it. press conference after cpac speech this morning was excellent- lots of very professional reporters. i watched the last two minutes of the @dallasmavs game last night--- i just loved watching them lose. via @newsmax media: trump: @karlrove the most over-rated man in politics. via @dailycaller: trump on obama and congress: lock them up in a room like vatican conclave by @nicholasballasy. ..... he knows i dont respect him. boring & failing @nymags 3rd rate political reporter @jheil had flunky @danamira write a totally false report about me today...... @jheil at @nymag is such a pathetic reporter who doesnt want to know the truth. a total obama flunky & hack. ......@dailycaller @breitbartnews @drudge report & @gatewaypundit. for accurate reporting of my @cpacnews speech read @politicalticker @newsmax media @politico @huffpostpol.... via @breitbartnews: trump to republicans: play the debt ceiling card by @joelpollak. donald trump: the view will be better without joy behar video via @gatewaypundit. the donald goes to cpac: tv star and hotel magnate gives his thoughts on the state of america by @kredo0. cpac 2013: donald trump: immigration reform is a suicide mission for gop by @sethmclaughlin1. via @breitbartnews: exclusive: trump smacks back against media attacks on cpac speech by @mboyle1. donald trump cpac speech: u.s. is run by very stupid people via @huffpostpol by @elisefoley. rt @drudge report: trump stumps... trump to cpac: build a great economy via @breitbartvideo. why can t the media tell the truth - we would all be so much better off! i agreed to take the worst spot at cpac because nobody else wanted it and it was the only time i could be there - it was great fun! @orangeeffect01: @realdonaldtrump chris matthews is happily smearing you on hardball. poor chris ! i know chris well-he is a lightweight. honest reporters stated that the prayer breakfast was going on during my cpac speech and security was very slow to let people in-long lines! thanks for all of the accolades on my speech today - it s all about the truth! @libertybellskp: @realdonaldtrump you were great and are great...keep on plugging away thank you! @thesisko: @realdonaldtrump you have to run on 16. thanks! @dubenezic: @realdonaldtrump great speech. all true. some of it sadly. #cpac thanks bob! huff post his early morning speech drew a large crowd far larger than remarks at the same time on thursday and packed by end! the facts. wow-record ratings for wgc cadillac championship at trump national doral s blue monster-most watched in seven years. congrats to@tiger woods. don t forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc - great episode! last weeks dateline which i hosted was the highest rated dateline since january! just won the club championship at trump international golf club in palm beach-lots of very good golfers-never easy to win a c.c. @deviousdoll82 it s endometriosis awareness month-176 million women suffer from this disease. best ratings for the dateline show were for six months not two months! @paul1994loan: @realdonaldtrump big q did you shoot your age? no but close! @linro 2: looking forward to the apprentice tonight..@realdonaldtrump ..show is still going strong !!!! enjoy it linda! @annika59 annika - thanks you are the greatest - we all adore you! @realjonjenkins: @realdonaldtrump i spent my honeymoon in 2010 at the trump intl las vegas. amazing place you ve created. thanks! @crystal joanna: @realdonaldtrump that s because you bring clout to anything you do mr. trump...remain blessed! thanks really nice! i ll be tweeting live tonight starting at 9pm et re:@apprenticenbc. don t worry other time zones i will give nothing away! @mrbrandoncraker: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump i love you and celebrity apprentice!!! you are awesome and should be president. thanks! @helen39639472: @realdonaldtrump i think that you should run for president and be elected to that office. good luck in all you do. thanks! @realbryanbirse: @realdonaldtrump was ur first tee shot at trump links a snap hook? sadly yes! the tournament at trump national doral was much more exciting than what is going on now! @simonkodousek: you may not agree with @realdonaldtrump but he knows what s what! keep being truthful and real! thanks! @gaphotoman: @realdonaldtrump . if mr.trump would run he would be the best president ever thanks! .@omarosas meltdownwas it for real? @dennisrodman thinks she could be an oscar winner for that performance #celebapprentice. great line from @thegarybusey: i am an angel in an earth suit. do you agree? #celebapprentice. .@omarosa has another meltdown while giving a check for 40000 to michaels charity the sue duncan center. #celebapprentice. the paley center for media is a great place to visit when youre in nyc. #celebapprentice. .@traceadkins is backgood news for plan b. #celebapprentice. and happy to welcome @arseniohall back as an advisor he will have his own show and is doing great. #celebapprentice. .@omarosa on the cover of soap opera digest? thats a credential #celebapprentice. music cues audience participation sounds like a very active team power. #celebapprentice. theres no love lost between @latoyajackson & @omarosa disrespectful? who is being disrespectful? #celebapprentice. @omarosa is a bit toxic per @brandenroderick. being a bit pc? #celebapprentice. .@latoyajackson informs @arseniohall that @omarosa is a conniving witchis he surprised? are we surprised? #celebapprentice. .@omarosas emergency has put a new spin on team powers presentationbut its not show time yet. #celebapprentice. .@omarosas new name via @dennisrodman: ms. saboteur sounds rather elegant. #celebapprentice. .@omarosa is not winning points being called the wicked witch of the mid-west and most certainly other things. #celebapprentice. .@dennisrodman re @omarosa is right shes becoming predictable. true @thegarybusey is a scene stealer without trying. hes got a gift. #celebapprentice. i will not be commenting on boardroom specifics- would be unfair to the different time zones. #celebapprentice. via @cbnnews: exclusive: backstage interview w donald trump at cpac by @thebrodyfile great seeing you david! via @nro:trump @karlrove most overrated man in politicsresponsible for ashley judds rise @elianayjohnson. @kevin johnson68 @trapasso2501 trump tower is open to the public. all-star celebrity apprentice ranked #1 for the 10 oclock hour among abc cbs and nbc with a season-high 19 margin. . @foxandfriends interview discussing a budget deal my #cpac2013 speech @realbencarson & firing @latoyajackson. trump at cpac: we have to get the momentum back via @wsj s @wsjvideo. if @omarosa is not in the board room i cant fire her. @latoyajackson made a strategic mistake. via @dailycaller: donald trump: obama should golf w republicans not his local friends by @nicholasballasy. trump hits back at chris matthews birther rant: he used to be a much more intelligent man @madeleineblaze. via @politicalticker: trending: trump a right-leaning tower at cpac by @killoughcnn. vattenfall the company behind a proposed asinine windfarm off the coast of aberdeen scotland is having serious financial difficulty. vattenfall ceo stated that the company needed to prepare itself for falling electricity demands in coming years-- a changing market. scotland will be so lucky if this monstrosity is not builti will tie them up in courts for years if necessary. via @wtcommunities: donald trump to cpac: romney didn t talk enough about success by @huizingadanny. .@dloesch played great audio from my @cpacnews press conference on her radio show. glad she made it! .@tpnntweets donald trump tells a fascinating inside story about his dealings w the obama wh @johnhawkinsrwn. the blue monster is being torn up at trump @doralresort. on april 1 i go out & play it one more time until the new course opens. new @rnc report calls for embracing comprehensive immigration reform. does the @rnc have a death wish? via @realitytvworld: la toya jackson fired from all-star celebrity apprentice by donald trump. why does @mcuban continue to embarrass the 31-35 & 11th place @dallasmavs with childish behavior? really unprofessional! .@dallasmavs is 1-12 against the western conferences top four seeds after sundays loss & @okcthunder swept the season series. great article by @jameshohmann @politico explaining why @karlrove was biggest loser @cpacnews james is sharp. sexual pervert & deviant anthony weiner is polling to see if he can run for nyc mayor... is anthony weiner also delusional? add him to ny sex offender list instead! leverage: dont make deals without it. the art of the deal. @lynchzc: @realdonaldtrump i think the real solution here is you running for president! give it a shot! we need it. thanks! @salesdan48: @realdonaldtrump mark will go down in history as a clownish buffoon. mark my words. i agree with you-and a loser! @magicjeff: @realdonaldtrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder how many rings do you have? #donthateonthecubes nine billion! @benjamin abey: @realdonaldtrump @mcuban @dallasmavs so? what the fuck is your problem ? the people love him. nobody loves him! @n vranas: @realdonaldtrump @dallasmavs @okcthunder ur a pussy trump @mcuban is way richer than you not even close dummy! @thisnbagirl: @realdonaldtrump you are not as smart as mark cuban no matter what you think. keep to what you know. lets do an i.q. test! apprentice ratings doing great - easily won the 10 o clock hour over other networks! @owhiting147: @realdonaldtrump we know you hate mark cuban but what are your feelings on kevin o leary? never heard of him! @ashbash032: @realdonaldtrump don t waste time on your haters!let them hate you keep building your empire #respect #jealoushaters great! @star13r: @realdonaldtrump what a show last night! i couldn t believe the outcome! c.a. has been my fave show for a long time! great! @babyguts666 thanks! @hrdiva ny thanks tanja! @dan kir96 dan because i love beating lowlifes! @reederjosh you are right he is a total joke - his players laugh at him! @cleggermeister thank you! @kmac5911: who would win on the golf course @realdonaldtrump or @mcuban did you ever see mark swing a club - the power of a little girl! @roannasweet not even close dopey! @donaldjchump stupid they tried that with the benefactor and mark went splat! @sisson travis: @realdonaldtrump when s good for me to head down to doral with the boys? #kimmitchell in september. @kalevans great! @borland jim great! @bearmntn but i like picking on losers! @roannasweet not even close! @taurus lovin: @realdonaldtrump - my boyfriend and i were in las vegas the other day gotta say your trump building rocks! thanks. @ashbash032: @nautilus916 @realdonaldtrump lucky for me i don t live in america i live in south africa... bad news we need you here! @afielding1984: @realdonaldtrump when you next in scotland mr trump? we miss you! april and thanks! @davidmcclain328 thanks. @tomxconn: @realdonaldtrump took wife jenn to your 16 in chicago had great time! impeccable service! thanks! @arseniohall you were fantastic last night on celebrity apprentice - everybody loved you! @byoppjr we just blew it up dummy! @johnbravo 1: @realdonaldtrump @kmac5911 @mcuban hey donald! what s the best confidence builder? going against losers like mark cuban! @katysutherland6 great! golf match? i ve won 18 club championships including this weekend. @mcuban swings like a little girl with no power or talent. mark s a loser. @mcuban is very short off the tee - and his basketball sucks also! @jackvoices you are correct but he is so easy! bombings all over iraq today.that country is falling apart-such a horrible waste of lives and 1.5 trillion dollars and i told you so! . who is going to get iraq s oil??????? @greenolive r: @mcuban is trumping the trumpster himself @realdonaldtrump where do you live moron. @julzz: @realdonaldtrump you got bankrupted 3 times who the hell trusts you with anything i never went bankrupt moron! .@mcuban is so short off the tee he can t have much of a punch. he s just a weak man with a big mouth! @billdaley1 true! @entrepreneur: just for the record @realdonaldtrump has authored more #1 best selling books than @mcuban. #winning 10 to be exact-thanks! @niecey911logan thanks! @cathmiriam: love the fact that everyone who tweets mean things to @realdonaldtrump are poor idiots with no sense. #playnice true. @kimfloyd2012: @realdonaldtrump ... hope you have a great day! loved your speech at cpac. thanks kim! @geeopee: @realdonaldtrump why are you wasting your time with cuban? you are right! @doyle5smom thanks! @dennizenx thanks! but @mcuban is physically weak he has no clubhead speed or game! .@rushlimbaugh is rightthe republicans lost because they werent conservative enoughor tough enough. be weak on immigration and ensure democratic victory. .@rushlimbaugh played 3 separate audio bites the most of anyone of my cpac speech. hour 3 in friday s show. i was sorry to decline headlining the reagan dinner last saturday due to a prior business commitment. pres. reagan was one of the greats. .... to help mcconnell who spoke right after him.@breitbartnews. re: cpac the crowd in the main room filled to capacity by the end of trumps address something his operative said he planned to do... .@hardball chris is a really dumb guy and i know him well thats why he works swimmingly with our leaders in washington. i dont like seeing the pope standing at the checkout counter front desk of a hotel in order to pay his bill. its not pope-like! via the hindu @businessline: realty brand donald trumps india venture to sport desi tag. .@erinburnetts @outfrontcnn ratings are so pathetic she even loses to @hardball chris at 7pm which is replay of 5pm. it was great having @arseniohall back on this week s @apprenticenbc! l still think @boeing should just bite the bullet & get rid of the new batteries in the 787. those batteries will always be a problem! for beauty and flight ill take the @boeing 757 over the @boeing 787 any day! .@erinburnett should have stayed at cnbcshe was never smart but people liked her. @outfrontcnn jeff zuckers got problems! americans may no longer have access to their family doctors because of obamacare. via @newsmax media. .@hardball chris became a super liberal obama fan only because he must need the money--and on @msnbc thats the way it is. .@sarahpalinusa did a great job @cpacnews. much of what she said was plain old common sense. it was just announced that @erinburnett wont be going to mornings on cnn. @outfrontcnn just made a wise decision. all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continues to surprise our loyal viewers each and every week. more and bigger coming. @ilpostio that s why i ll never be pope! @ jibz true! @beaumontanthony thanks anthony. @jrkirk22 thanks. sorry folks but donald trump is far richer and much better looking than dopey @mcuban! why do shows have @ananavarrontl hispanic chair for the losing mccain 08 & huntsman 12. shes a loser who doesnt deliver votes. does anyone remember the fight @mcuban had w the refereehe was weak & pathetica non-athlete trying to live life thru his players. one of the most obvious lessons on @apprenticenbc is for the candidates to learn to think quickly. - think like a champion. .@rnc report was written by the ruling class of consultants who blew the election. short on ideas. just giving excuses to donors. amnesty is suicide for republicans.not one of those 12 million who broke our laws will vote republican.obama is laughing at @gop. 10 yrs ago today the iraq war began. 4485 of our nations finest have not returned home alive. iran will soon control iraq & its oil. @cforcolby hi colby. @hayesrutherford yes and thanks. if youre sitting in an office working in a job you hate then its time to think big and plan your next step. congratulations to @likud party mk @dannydanon on being offered deputy defense minister of idf by @israelipm @netanyahu. donald trump helped expose the silliness of the move by offering to pay for the white house tours. passion motivates. passionate people don t give up their zeal eliminates fear. passion can also create business opportunities. .@mcuban mark okay with me but don t start your bullshit again! @emilyplacido @mcuban emily--true and thanks. @jrocco 96 @mcuban i have none! @ashonair101 thanks metalchick! @thesethfriend thanks seth! @asiandave89 thanks david! @mike hamilton69 thanks michael! @wusongtweet thanks wusong. @marcphelan thank you! you can have the best product in the world but if people don t know about it it s not going to be worth much. the art of the deal. @c hanson800 hi chris! @whatitlooklike9: @realdonaldtrump @mcuban nobody is on the dons level. lets be honest donald trump is the man very nice thank you! @lfoshie: there are 2 people with whom you don t want to be on their bad side- god s... & @realdonaldtrump s! i want to be on god s side! @mandmpanelbeat thanks and good luck. @tinaclean yes and best wishes. .@hardball chris very small audience is shrinking rapidly because people finally understand that he is very very dumb! .@southjerseymag according to the pros just named trump national golf club philadelphia the #1 private club. thanks! i remained strong for @tigerwoods during his difficult period. he rewarded me and himself by winning at trump national doral. donald trump takes on apple @cpacnews via @kmbznews. .@nbc just announced that all 1 hour @celebapprentice episodes are being expanded to 2 hoursits amazing what good ratings will do! @yokoono john was great--everybody misses him. best wishes. @jcfields13 thanks jason. @jaynielea thanks jaynie. @fatmaemadi thank you. its a shame to hear that the @dcexaminer is failing. no one wants the paper even if it is being handed out for free. board room finale of this weeks all-star @apprenticenbc will leave viewers wondering where the rest of the season goesit s great! @chesterstarr @hardball chris chester--unreal. @bburt2367 trump by far! @dolehnyc quite nice thanks! ... thats why so many huge deals are closed on a golf course. trump 101. playing golf with business associates creates a relaxing atmosphere where everyone has fun... the nfl has just barred ball carriers from using helmet as contact. what is happening to the sport? the beginning of the end. @t thabane happy birthday. . @wwes @wrestlemania xxix less than 3 weeks away. looking forward to being inducted into the hall of fame! shocker: study reveals that @msnbc is completely biased while @foxnews is factual what a surprise! @iklemieux @therealkiyosaki thanks--and good luck. . @omarosa is smart and strategic. people should cut her some slack and respect the way she works on @apprenticenbc. my shirts ties & suits and fragrance success are doing great -- go over & check out macys nowbeautiful new selection! @nycal821 @nbc @celebapprentice thanks cheryl. @mscattitude1 @apprenticenbc great and thanks. @miawesbrooks @dcexaminer very nice! @balloon 69 @afchaywards good luck! @chrisr52 happy birthday christine. @realhotwaffles thanks. @martinfagervik win! why do the losers & haters always say i wear a wig when they know i dont. like it or not its all minejust ask barbara walters. ... it is very effective and a commonly used business tool. people buy deals & immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals... ... icahn kravis apollo and most others--but nobody says they went bankrupt! almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool... for the haters out of hundreds of deals or transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws 4 times in order to cut better deals. ... but like many other great business people have used the laws to corporate advantage. haters stop saying i went bankrupt it is not so. i never went bankrupt... the @celebapprentice will be broadcast tonight on @cnbc at 9 pm. celebrity apprentice on cnbc tonight at 9. @champion278: @realdonaldtrump i have to say your a better host than alan sugar who does the uk version thanks! celebrity apprentice on in 5 minutes on cnbc - it s great! @ianrambally great going! .@mcuban marknice picture thanks for the invite to the mavs nets game. next time ill go and youll win! its snowing & freezing in nyc. what the hell ever happened to global warming? remember the golden rule of negotiating: he who has the gold makes the rules. via @scotsmandotcom: via donald trump makes plans for menie estate marquee. it wont stay a buyers market forever. if you can take advantage and buy property asap. youll thank me! yes all-star @apprenticenbc contestant @thegarybusey is a little out there. but he uses his uniqueness to his advantage. heres something about donald trump hes got a top rated show on tv and everything he says becomes a headline.-@dloesch all true! according to @pewresearch 2 3 of mexican legal immigrants do not pursue citizenship because of no interest. problem with @gop is not their message its that they are incapable of controlling the message. make no mistake obamacare is the first step towards changing our health system into single payer. just a disaster. life always presents new opportunities you would never expect. i hosted @wrestlemania & then i starred in one which sold most ppvs. there wont be any new gun legislation. no surprise. americans support the 2nd amendment. the difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - albert einstein. see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. whats strong? whats weak? whats missing? @1fos1 pay attention study more than what is required keep your focus on the big picture. and good luck. @michellemalkin you were born stupid! @dafny01 do not give up keep moving forward. @cbalfer very nice chris--thanks! @chrisstackstacy thank you. when i think big which is often you can be sure im aware of the enormous amount of little things that we will have to account for. @sharleneh thank you. @jimmymcgreevy thanks jim! .@michellemalkin would be nothing without being on the @seanhannity show. i dont see what sean sees in herloser! @michellemalkin @igo4par true. rt @ewerickson: personally i think it is awesome that @realdonaldtrump listens to @dloesch on the radio. she s awesome. .@mediaite: donald trump trashes @michellemalkin on twitter:you re a dummy & were born stupid @andrewkirell. this sunday s all-star @apprenticenbc features some of the biggest fireworks of the entire season. get ready. watching the madness in cyprus? if our government keeps spending trillion dollar deficits that could happen here. .@trumpgolfla is ranked the top course in the west if you re in the area book a round today. trump organisation backs community battle against substation via @stvnews. looks like the u.s. will be having the coldest march since 1996-global warming anyone????????? via @northvillepatch: donald trump to speak in novi this may. don t blindly pursue a career that others suggest or insist is right for you. it may be worth taking a pay cut for a job you love. @ctrain : @realdonaldtrump honestly who gives a shit where obama was born? it s where he lives now that s the problem interesting!!!! @yassinomar: the amount of trump towers in new york city is ridiculous. no simple man can build such an empire like .@realdonald thanks!! @warrencasselljr: @ctrain the truth will soon be revealed and everyone will say @realdonaldtrump was right! many people think so! wow - they are really killing jay leno - let him go out with dignity! @hailllluminati: @realdonaldtrump better run for president in 2016 so i can vote for him. #conservativepride thanks! @philzentz thanks phil! @realmikeshapiro true michael! @realroesch: @matthewdoyle33 sick!!!! @realdonaldtrump is my idol thanks austin! @allysonwardbrkr: @realdonaldtrump what the world needs is trump for president so the world can start making sense again. thanks! @jeanpierreaboud: i wanna be @realdonaldtrump when i grow up :p ! work hard and smart! @william8311: @realdonaldtrump 2016 2016 2016! get this country back to the prosperous nation we once were!! thanks.william! @jimhendley81: @realdonaldtrump i agree donald please run for president. your alot smarter than hillary. america needs you. thanks! @charlesrbennett thank you - a great compliment! @kumite67 thanks brian! @marco masucci: @marychayko @realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity in the world! i can t believe she met him. great and thanks! celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc - some amazing things happen! i will be tweeting live tonight during celebrity apprentice - 9 o clock on nbc! @meenah83: @realdonaldtrump .. are you ganna tweet live? yes! @slim shady2o3: @realdonaldtrump yay i cant wait mr trump! you have the best show on tv on sunday nights! thanks! @katiedoodlebug2: @realdonaldtrump yay can t wait donald you are so cool - and so are you - thanks! @thedorkknite: #mentionsomebodyyouwanttomeet @realdonaldtrump the man the myth the legend the donald thanks! @cjrj49: @realdonaldtrump please don t forget us people on the west coast #nospoiling i won t-thanks! @inshapp776: @realdonaldtrump i just stayed at the trump hotel in vegas. i love it!!! great! @en somat: @realdonaldtrump your apprentice is so much better than ours in the uk. you re so much better than alan sugar! thanks! @cshanton: @realdonaldtrump wish we had politicians that were like you... maybe the we could cut some debt then. #2016 thanks! last weeks boardroom was truly epic ---and the dust hasnt settled yet. #celebapprentice. .@latoyajackson & @omarosa are not likely to become friends ever! #celebapprentice. .@stephenbaldwin7s mother thinks im very handsome. now i see where stephen and alec get their smarts. #celebapprentice. always good to have @arseniohall back as advisor as well as @donaldjtrumpjr. they have their own fan clubs at this point. #celebapprentice. .@stephenbaldwin7 thinks @therealmarilu is ping-ponging all over the place. do you agree? #celebapprentice. .@omarosa admitting shes a threat in the boardroom- thats not revelation knowledge. #celebapprentice. what do you think of @dennisrodmans donald trump head? the hairs not quite right for one thing. #celebapprentice. with @traceadkins on top of the truck the crowd definitely buzzed. #celebapprentice. they should have got darrell hammond as the donald trump impersonator. #celebapprentice. .@joan rivers i know youre watching- what did you think of your impersonator? .@dennisrodman is always hard to miss-especially when dressed in silver finery. but not sure about the silver lipstick. #celebapprentice. lets see what happens in the boardroom #celebapprentice. what team would you choose to win? #celebapprentice. who are your favorites on team power? team plan b? #celebapprentice. people ask about @amandatmiller. she is actually a vp of marketing at the trump organization. #celebapprentice. thats adrian in the elevator he works at @trumptowerny & hes got a lot of stories. #celebapprentice. adrian also gives autographs if you stop by the lobby of @trumptowerny. #celebapprentice. what did you think of my decision? #celebapprentice. last nights all-star @apprenticenbc once again showed why the ultimate onus lies with the project manager. the buck stops there. via @newsmax media: trump at cpac: what really happened. uh oh @omarosa & @piersmorgan once again reunite in the board room in next weeks all-star @apprenticenbc. fireworks! its springtime and it just started snowing in nyc. what is going on with global warming? they changed the name from global warming to climate change after the term global warming just wasnt working it was too cold ! uk is freezing through longest & coldest winter in over 50 years wheres the global warming? @gatewaypundit. donald trump to visit metro detroit in may via @wxyzdetroit. @disneycuty @stephenbaldwin7 thanks jennifer. @aimeetruchan @abfalecbaldwin @stephenbaldwin7 she is a fabulous woman! @hollywood74 thank you nadine! @agostinellinick @donaldjtrumpjr very nice thanks. @michellemalkin 2 decades in the conservative movement and look where the conservatives are now--you re fired! @dickdarkey @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc watch next week! @jacob mastro you may be right! cyprus is seizing private bank accounts as collateral for 10bn bail-out. we owe 17t. think it cant happen here? even the liberal crs is now reporting obama care will cause 200 premium increases surprised? @newsmax media. @crainey777 thanks chuck. @christalgraceg thanks i appreciate it. @kiltedkrew thank you. i hope everyone enjoyed palm sunday! luck does not come around often. so when it does be sure to take full advantage of it even if it means working hard. think big. obama has now become the weakest potus against china yuan just hit record high against dollar very sad! chinas top academics are working w pla in cyber-espionage of our state secrets & r&d they are laughing at us! ...re: china--i told you that a long time ago. after decades of our leaders allowing china to steal our jobs & r&d the chinese will overtake america in 2016 ... strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact & you will find yourself ready for a grand slam. - think like a champion. @kindlerusso: i mean it when i say i would take a bullet for @realdonaldtrump wow how nice - thanks! @joelkrautter very good joel! good morning america weather headline for u.s. - never ending cold. for all of my many jewish friends happy passover. .@tigerwoods has made a truly great comeback - he is number one again! give him credit comebacks are tough to do. way to go tiger. the windfarm approval in scotland is subject to many conditions that can never be met - will be tied up in courts for years! #eowdc. the radar defense shipping and civil aviation problems will stop the ugly windfarm. #eowdc. @samryzen thank you! @javi8104 great--good luck. @uberburgers trump national golf club los angeles. al-megrahi was the man who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie scotland. the scottish windfarm was conceived by the same mind that released terrorist al-megrahi for humanitarian reasons. .. the off shore aberdeen wind farm site is experimental & has no track record delivering energy. @guardian. flashback: alex salmond pleaded with donald trump to back release of lockerbie bomber @telegraphnews ... ...and now alex salmond pushes ugly turbines! via @washtimes: donald trump warns of dangerous precedent in cyprus bank skimming. donald trump shocked by stupid decision about @omarosa on @apprenticenbc @today clicker. @seanhooligan6 @alexsalmond this is from someone who knows they are a disaster. via @scotsmandotcom: trump joins with chandler in bid to attract events. flashback: hiding evidence of global cooling @washtimes scientific data is cooked! when someone can discourage you you probably aren t determined enough. be resolute. that s what it takes to get things done. when somebody challenges you fight back -- be tough! many people look at successful people & don t see anything but the end result. they don t see all the work that went into getting there. many of @tigerwoods friends were quick to abandon him in his time of crisis. now tiger knows who he can count on. sometimes we do things to build up experience and stamina to prepare but it s to prepare us for something bigger. @specialk211: @realdonaldtrump i really miss @bretmichaels on all-star apprentice will he be back as a judge? yes! great piece on extra tonight re. celebrity apprentice! @genaleenolin great - call me we ll get you on! i m doing the david letterman show tonight -should be interesting! the new selection of ties shirts and suits at macy s is amazing - also available in trump tower lobby. general petraeus should stop apologising and get on with his life. he is a good man and should have a great future. the developer of the scottish wind monstrosities vattenfall just laid off 2500 people & has serious financial difficulties. in case you missed it last week s @extratv interview with @ajcalloway discussing tiger woods & much more. last night s @extratv s interview by @mariolopezextra of gorgeous 2012 @missuniverse @oliviaculpo great job! via @royaloakpatch: oakland county high schoolers have chance to win 1000 scholarship & meet donald trump. congrats to fantastic all-star @apprenticenbc celebrity & illusionist @pennjillette on being honored at 2013 hollywood walk of fame! .@pennjillette is an extraordinary entertainer & magician whose star on the hollywood walk of fame is long overdue. very proud of him. @themayormatt interesting and often true! @smalltwnbignews kate--all my best wishes to you. @thedealszone @washtimes thank you. @mistermcflee thanks--and good luck! @nashvillebobby thanks bobby. @jnorr11 yes--and thanks. .@erictrumpfdn continues to do important work for @stjude childrens research hospital. i am very proud of @erictrump s philanthropy. less than two weeks until @wwes @wrestlemania xxix. @therock v. @johncena willbe epic! excited to be inducted into the hall of fame. to all journalists look into the financial dealings of scottish parliament members with vattenfallfollow the money. aberdeenshire coast is spectacular. its historic value & wildlife will be tarnished if these wind turbines are built--but they won t be! getting ready to do the david letterman @late show tonighti hope you all will watchi think! @brocktonconwell great! thanks. @creelken hope i do well! @spewrange thanks--@howardstern is great! @jessilin02 fantastic food--thanks. @dbpresswire @late show i hope so! @slainsview blackdog folks are very smart--their home values & lives will be destroyed. .@alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @gaillorene ask our canadian neighbors who abhor the windfarms. and poor scotland. .@alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @djkevritch im proud to be scottish but bonnie scotland will soon be a thing of the past w these windmills. ... to build a wind farm and destroy this view! .@alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @johnduthie1 just sitting here looking out over aberdeen bay. these clowns cannot be allowed... @markyoungco @alexsalmond @pressjournal @johnduthie1. @kalevans: @realdonaldtrump iowa is the second leading state in the nation when it comes to wind energy! sad distinction farm land lost! @markyoungco: @realdonaldtrump @alexsalmond @pressjournal @johnduthie1 hasn t anyone learned anything from tboone pickens disaster. @nicla b: @realdonaldtrump @alexsalmond @pressjournal @johnduthie1 was doing the same thinking salmond has lost his mind. @agallegos32 thanks! @the obm: @realdonaldtrump i am a local aberdonian. the coast is beautiful - it will be totally ruined with these vile ugly turbines. @philzentz: rt@seanhooligan6: @realdonaldtrump i live in maine and let me tell ya wind turbines are a disaster. going on letterman now - let me know what you think - how did i do? here we go! @513pango: @realdonaldtrump please tell me you are going to run for president in 2016?? thanks for the nice thoughts mike! @joe lanser: @realdonaldtrump you and david letterman were fabulous tonight!!!!! great job!!!!! thanks joe! @kennethlaguer: @realdonaldtrump you did great on letterman thanks kenneth! @ihealthquote: @realdonaldtrump you were great you are always genuine. thanks! @kellyfrias: @realdonaldtrump i always enjoy your interviews and think the apprentice is terrific. looked great on letterman. thanks! @wahb528: @realdonaldtrump great job. very entertaining segment with interesting observations and insights. thanks! @thejbrain: @realdonaldtrump awesome as always! thanks! @nickdallman: @realdonaldtrump did an awesome job on david letterman! thanks! @deannaspillyard: @realdonaldtrump although i cannot speak for them i think you made your family proud.great job! : thanks deanna! @thomas waller: @realdonaldtrump great job! way to take the high road on his attacks on conservatism. your always a class act! thanks tom! @darmstrong23: @realdonaldtrump awesome job on letterman! thought it was a great funny interview. invite me to doral!!! thanks david! @theronnnn: nice job @realdonaldtrump on #letterman. thanks! @higgie0: @realdonaldtrump @late show... watched you letterman.. good job! your hired! thanks! @scottinapac: @realdonaldtrump paired very well with letterman tonight. thanks! @craigashwood: @realdonaldtrump nice job mr.trump! smooth relaxed and in good humour. thanks! @coll4734: @realdonaldtrump run for president and have david as your wing man. cute! @maryportwine: loving @realdonaldtrump on letterman! could listen to him talk all day long. you say it like it is and that s why we love u! @jevonk: @realdonaldtrump i thought you did a great job with letterman. thanks jevon! @akmackey: @realdonaldtrump you did great mr trump! wife and i watched. loved your walmart answer. thanks! @carminemig21: @realdonaldtrump u were great thanks carmine! @hoggoblin34: @realdonaldtrump great job on letterman. i have always been a big admirer of yours. thanks jim! @thatboyred: @realdonaldtrump you did awesome! always shooting and keeping letterman away from attacking the gop and joking on you. great! @jeulrich: @realdonaldtrump is far nicer and real on letterman than he is on twitter interesting! @greener17wing: @realdonaldtrump ya hit it out of the park. #preztrump from a canadian #yourhired thanks! @lizzyoconnor: @realdonaldtrump is just amazing made my night watching him on letterman ! #trumpnationaldoral !! thanks lizzy! @j r ii: @realdonaldtrump you were awesome! honest personable intelligent! thanks! @sarah e smith9: @realdonaldtrump did awesome on letterman! i just love him! thanks sarah! @ilove40s: @realdonaldtrump should run in 2016 thanks for your nice thoughts! @fcvladjoseph: @realdonaldtrump: you forgot to mention that you re going into the wwe hall of fame. @michaelscarbrou: @realdonaldtrump good job donald. i ll call nbc a see if they ll giv you leno s spot..lol. @golf4oregod: @realdonaldtrump great job on letterman. thanks! @jorgekb: @realdonaldtrump great interview always interesting...congrats!! thanks! @tid4prez: @realdonaldtrump this interview made you look down to earth. romney should have done letterman. @conservativejt: @bluejoni @realdonaldtrump trump is an american that will pay more taxes in one year than you pay in your entire life. @doctoredsmom: @realdonaldtrump just watched you on letterman. you were brilliant! such a well-fed brain. i enjoyed you. @tanmayshekhawat: @realdonaldtrump was incredible as always on letterman. he surely knows how to handle it. thanks! @mkerob: @realdonaldtrump great appearance last night on letterman. first stern now dave. two awesome interviews. thanks! @cherylgravino: @realdonaldtrump i wish you had run for president! you are a very smart man! thanks cheryl! @memefyg8: @realdonaldtrump you re inteligent awesone and honest! you are my idol!: thanks! @randycoggins: @realdonaldtrump my dad is a pastor here in lakeland fl at bridge of hope.. always wears a trump tie!! #success great! @fugle tony 328: @realdonaldtrump you are awesome! thanks! @world kids: @realdonaldtrump are your sold at .@walmart? .@akmackey macy s! @michelle grace : @realdonaldtrump loved you on the letterman show. i have a whole new respect for you! continued success thanks! @brandonzappi: @realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016 this country needs a different kind of change thanks! @nnamdos: if you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude study @realdonaldtrump. thanks! @joeciolfi: @realdonaldtrump worked @ thebrick here in canada 15 years sleep on the trump mattress taught 1000 s to sell it. fav mattress. @avedders: @realdonaldtrump you re the man! you should run for president! thanks! trump signature mattress is from serta - the best there is! thanks. @ctobin22: @realdonaldtrump letterman s ratings were off the roof. was it the trump effect?? yes! @lucasdowns11: speaking from a military point of view i want @realdonaldtrump as my commander-in-chief. great compliment - thanks! @chayala: @realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016! #weneedyou thanks! @pdattolo79: @realdonaldtrump was amazing on letterman. when are you officially going to announce you are running for president in 2016? @onakoyaa: if you want to know what it means to have a genuine business mind and attitude study @realdonaldtrump. great man! rambling and stumbling @hardball chris is as dumb as a rock! once you consent to some concession you can never cancel it and put things back the way they are. - howard hughes. @bigbobscott i will. @themayormatt my father fred c. trump. @maffucci93 true and thanks. @beaumontanthony thanks anthony. practice positive thinkingthis will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental... ...at the same time go through a worst-case scenario but keep it short. focus on your goallook at the solution not the problem. terrible economic numbers released today. us gdp only grew 0.4 during oct-dec 2012 quarter great news for china. employees of @nymag should have their resumes updated. it is very boring & will die in the near future. how much are they losing now? adam moss editor in chief of @nymag is quickly losing his reputation in that @nymag has become so boring and so irrelevant. thanks for all the nice comments about the @late show last night. i enjoyed it and david enjoyed the ratings. @nymag - new york magazine sucks - lifeless and dead - one of the most boring out there. get it now it won t last long! @forexboxusd: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump class-act @late show you are a one of an kind classic! #trumpforpresident. thanks! @elisa oggero: @realdonaldtrump late show was great!! we all enjoy it! thanks! @dmbgreyst: @realdonaldtrump @nymag agreed. i won t be renewing. i got back issues that are paper weights. bad people false writing! @kevingsmithjr: .@realdonaldtrump - i often times don t agree with you politically but i enjoyed your interview on letterman. thanks! we blow up the famous blue monster at trump national doral on.monday in order to build a spectacular new bigger and better blue monster! @benhrysack: @realdonaldtrump you were awesome on late show! very true - thanks! @jaysuch: hey @realdonaldtrump. my 8 year old needs to do a book report on a bad person. we picked you. a great subject should get an a. @jpressler: i bet matt lauer is really grateful for @realdonaldtrump coming to his defense like this. unfair story by third rate @nymag. @twitovershare: @koznneffect: @realdonaldtrump mr trump you are a brilliant man! i agree but thanks! @heathermama3: i watched the @realdonaldtrump on #letterman great interview this man knows how its done. pure class! he has my vote. please help @autismspeaks with their petition to the white house for a national strategy for the autism epidemic. take the time to be thorough in whatever you undertake. remain open to new ideas. remain fluid not fixed in your expectations. everybody should contribute & fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks. this weeks all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc features another memorable board room rumble between @piersmorgan & @omarosa. wisdom comes as a result of both experience and knowledge. it s something you can t teach someone else--you have to achieve it on your own. achievers go for the challenge so the next deal is what they re thinking about. they have an obligation to best themselves. find out who and what is the best in your field. identify the trendsetters leaders and authorities. learn the standards they follow. have a great good friday and a happy easter. @nikkio: @realdonaldtrump just read book contagious why things catch on - reminded me of u --ur one of a kind! : thank you! current @nymag really sad not only boring but highly inaccurate. use better paper product - looks like a death march which it is! . @genaleenolin thank you gln! @rocrx: rt @realdonaldtrump everybody should contribute & fight in the long haul battle against autism. @autismspeaks great! @violac72: @realdonaldtrump sir the autism community thanks you for your support!! #autismspeaks. @fashionartlady: @realdonaldtrump dt do you think kids are overmedicated and over diagnosed in the usa? yes! @gramma421 not recent long term support for the autism community. @tonyantoine321: @realdonaldtrump great advice. yesterday i listened to your audio book think big for the 2nd time. great! @thaddalicious: @realdonaldtrump should be president he knows what he is talking about #rolemodel thank you! north korea is reliant on china. china could solve this problem easily if they wanted to but they have no respect for our leaders. what do we get from our economic competitor south korea for the tremendous cost of protecting them from north korea? - nothing! @kaiser1859: @realdonaldtrump what is the solution mr trump? leadership! @thejbrain: @realdonaldtrump very well said. the united states needs people like you to show what truly leadership means! so true! @sullythinks: why is @realdonaldtrump not the president of the us right now?! a very good question! we have tremendous economic power over china if our leaders knew how to use it which they don t! china s economy would collapse without us. china is the biggest environmental polluter in the world by far. they do nothing to clean up their factories and laugh at our stupidity! major article in new york times today discusses the cost of environmental damage in china and how it is rapidly growng! rest of world pays. @kimstagliano: @realdonaldtrump when will nyt write about vaccine damage and its price? 3 girls w autism here mr. trump. they should kim! no i m saying that the world is paying the price for china s pollution while they make a fortune with their dirty factories! very sad. have a great easter i love you all! big night on celebrity apprentice tonight. important starts at 10 p.m. as scheduled but nbc just increased all future episodes to 2 hours! so what will happen to the big o on celebrity apprentice tonight. remember i only fire people when it is deserved not for other reasons! i hope everyone or rather almost everyone had a great easter! we need our leaders to make great and wise decisions in these troubled times. what will happen to omarosa tonight? one of our all time great episodes! @jmc johnson: @realdonaldtrump donald why is tonight s episode only an hour? #dissapointment as per plan but nbc increased future to 2hrs. are people really afraid of @omarosa would you be? #celebapprentice. .@claudiajordans judgment wasnt the best in who she chose to come back to the boardroomthat was her demise. #celebapprentice. .@trumpnewyork on cpw in nyc is the home of the globe that has become an icon in the city. #celebapprentice. read about how this hotel came into being in my book never give upits quite a story. #celebapprentice @trumpnewyork. .@piersmorgan is back! did i see @omarosa wince? #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey and one of his busey-isms: art is only the search it is not the final form. #celebapprentice. now he has made his busey-ism into a song. #celebapprentice. .@liljons take on @piersmorgan seems to be a classic love-hate combo. piers can be tough and everyone knows it. #celebapprentice. agreed-- @piersmorgan says he and @omarosa have a communication malfunction. #celebapprentice. @justivanjames: the only person i enjoy following is @realdonaldtrump thanks! @flamboyantfag: @realdonaldtrump a world with donald trump is a world i don t want to live in #inspiration wow how nice! ever see @bluemangroup in performance? theyre fantastic. and so are penn & teller. dont miss them. #celebapprentice. piers truly hates omarosa! whose artwork was your favorite and what team do you think will win? #celebapprentice. .@pennjillette has received a star on the hollywood walk of fame about time! #celebapprentice. .@erictrumpfdn continues to do important work for @stjude childrens research hospital. i am very proud of @erictrump s philanthropy. @thenewmrstim: my dad & i are huge #trump2016 supporters we were disappointed when 2012 didn t happen! @realdonaldtrump thanks! what do you think @amandatmiller is writing? #celebapprentice. great boardroom! what did you think? #celebapprentice. adrian was recognized on a disney cruise and has had many photo requests in @trumptowerny. we have a new celebrity! #celebapprentice. @futurecutler: @realdonaldtrump couldn t be happier! now #celebrityapprentice is without a doubt the best show on tv! glad you are happy! @madccat1: @realdonaldtrump love @celebapprentice . favorite show of all time...every time! great! @theraygallimore: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice most powerful show on the network! no other television series comes close to it! @collinsva: @apprenticenbc officially #celebapprentice is back to being my favorite show! thanks @realdonaldtrump great! @natalicious40: yay! yay! yay! @omarosa is gone!!! can t wait for next sunday! @realdonaldtrump you re the man!!! thanks! @kg08tj: @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice the best show on tv all my #mba classmates are loving it to #bestshow in north america. @moorephilly: @realdonaldtrump love every minute of #celebapprentice. @palemamba713: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice is amazing. love it. @nysportfan4life: @realdonaldtrump will you be at the yankee game tomorrow? yes! @mcs3289: who is the better boss? mr. or mrs. trump? can t wait to find out next week! @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc. @emilyhoms: going to keep tweeting until @realdonaldtrump realizes how much he is my idol #lovethisman. will be doing fox and friends in 10 minutes at 7.05 - enjoy! @lucaswilson911: @realdonaldtrump please reply to me!!! yay! i m your number 1 fan!!! i will die happy if you respond to this tweet :d. @lucaswilson911: i will never be persuaded to not be a @realdonaldtrump fan :. @drstardis: @realdonaldtrump some people look up to athletes some its musicians for me its mr trump. thanks cory! @denicarter: @realdonaldtrump @erictrumpfdn @stjude @erictrump your children are great role models and you are a terrific dad. xxx. @bucksfan2012: @realdonaldtrump - did you hear the cheers from ohio??! celebrity apprentice is back to being my favorite show! .@jimmyfallon regularly features @apprenticenbc contestants on his show. we love his support & hes a terrific host.tonight: omarosa. @south said good luck. it was my great honor to defend @dennisrodman on @apprenticenbc last nighthe has come a long way and for the good! in standing by @dennisrodman i was also representing many people who have addiction problems & are working hard to come back. .@alexsalmond the scottish politician who released the terrorist who blew up pan am flight 103 over lockerbie. ... than his destruction of scotlands magnificent lands.@alexsalmond. .@alexsalmonds insane release of the terroristfor humanitarian reasons--will go down as a better decision.. all-star celebrity apprentice is #1 in the time period among abc cbs and nbc in 18-49 and all other key demosnielsen ratings. my @foxandfriends interview on risk for @gop on immigration wasting money in middle east & firing @omarosa. @wwe archive:donald trump s greatest @wwe moments when i shaved mcmahon s head in @wrestlemania xxiii. winning is the most important thing in my life after breathing. breathing first winning next. - george steinbrenner. better be careful:donald trump warns gop on immigration creating 12 million new dem voters via @mediaite. via @thehill: trump warns gop moving too fast on immigration reform by @joneasley. @higginsane hi. today the blue monster is torn up. the trump national @doralresort is being revolutionized with 200m of renovations. immigration reform is all risk for the @gop. their base doesnt want it and the 12m illegals will all vote democrat. the only place where our border is protected is from europeans. we educate them in our finest institutions & then have them deported. .@michellemalkin & @buzzfeedandrew: vaccine court awards millions to two autistic children damaged by vaccine. sacrificing our nations bravest for ungrateful iraqis great for china. china is taking majority of the oil. are you expanding your business? interview returning soldiers. give them strong consideration. their sacrifices deserve it. a-rods salary is more than the entire @astros. half the players on @astros will have better seasons than him. a-rod is a joke! the @yankees should immediately stop paying a-rodhe signed his contract without telling them he was a druggie. ... apprentice was #1 among abc cbs and nbc from 10:30-11 p.m. in all key demos adults men and women 18-34 18-49 and 25-54 - nielsen. ... among abc cbs and nbc in the key news demo of adults.... in the 10:30 pm et lead-in to local news @apprenticenbc delivered a 31 percent margin of victory... set the bar high do the best you possibly can and believe in yourselfbecause if you dont no one else will either. be passionate. if you love what you re doing success will follow. bob & suzanne wright co-founders of @autismspeaks have done an absolutely fantastic jobtwo real winners. with dr. dror paley & dr. ben carson with two wonderful children at mar-a-lago. with the impending crisis in korea is it a big confidence builder that chuck hagel is sec. of defense? elections have consequences. china has control over north korea! the yuan hit another record high against the dollar. china is laughing at our expense. i look forward to saturday night and being inducted into the @wwe hall of fame. via @urbanturf dc: trump releases renderings for old post office building. .@billmoyers is a liberal hack whose career is being laid to rest @pbs. here moyers coddles @jeremiahwright. in this time of economic turmoil where millions of americans are unemployed our tax dollars are paying @billmoyers big @pbs salary! i think it was terrible that tim cook of apple apologized to china. what the hell is he apologizing for? steve jobs wouldnt. i ask again how much is very wealthy south korea paying the united states for protecting it against north korea? you can t tax business. business doesn t pay taxes. it collects taxes. ronald reagan. free enterprise is essentially a formula not just for wealth creation but for life satisfaction. - arthur c. brooks. @billmoyers sucks - very bland and boring with no future or hope - just like @nymag and many others . another freezing day in the spring - what is going on with global warming ? good move changing the name to climate change - sad! celebrity apprentice on tonight - cnbc at 9. @furiousblaze: @realdonaldtrump @wwe you deserve it can t wait to watch you go in. i ll be there. the basketball coach at rutgers looks bad but i had a coach who made him look like a baby - coaches can be tough! i played football and baseball sorry but said to be the best bball player in n.y. state-ask coach ted dobias-said best he ever coached. the haters and losers that assume i was a non-athlete and know nothing about coaches should look into my past-unlike our president-open book. we should look to china where big time pollution takes place as they manufacture inefficient and costly wind turbines for scotland! video in honor of the 100th anniversary of the anti-defamation league adl : imagine a world without hate. @vincemcmahon to make his second-ever hall of fame induction via @wrestlinginc #wwehof #billionaires. rt @realbhorowitz: @vincemcmahon @realdonaldtrump @wwe my two favorite billionaires! millions could get surprise tax bills under obamacare if they dont accurately project their income. relax & clear your mind if someone is speaking so that youre receptive to what theyre saying. roger ailes you are the message. the purpose of chinas massive military buildup on the norks border is to intimidate us. china attacked us during the korean war. obama just bought the afghan police 288m in ammo make no mistake some of these will be shot at our troops. now ap is banning the term illegal immigrants what should we call them? americans ?! this country s political press is amazing! look for good ideas outside of your own areas of expertise. find innovations approaches and practices that you could adapt in your field. re: negotiation: view any conflict as an opportunity. be a diplomat as much as possible. negotiation: think about what the other side wants. know where theyre coming from. don t underestimate them. create a win win situation. remember celebrity apprentice tonight on cnbc at 9. amazing episode - watch omarosa get the boot! the bend in the road is not the end of the road unless you refuse to take the turn. anonymous. i have a gift for my loyal viewers of all-star @apprenticenbc mrs. @melaniatrump debut on this weeks episode. looking forward to @vincemcmahon inducting me into @wwe hall of fame this saturday in @thegarden. #wwehof #wrestlemania. rt @melaniatrump @apprenticenbc: her beauty lives 5000 miles past heaven. thank u @thegarybusey! .@wineenthusiast just awarded trump vineyards sparkling reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine in virginia... your work will never be in vain if you work for a cause that is greater than yourself. @imredwingfan: @realdonaldtrump truly the best show on tv.... thanks!1. @jaw44444: @realdonaldtrump best season of @celebapprentice yet! great television! :-. i have gotten to know many spanish speaking people as the owner of trump national doral in miami. they are smart hard working and great. @mgseneca: @realdonaldtrump you and your tv show #theapprentice are tremendous. watch it every week thanks. @mfon essien: one day i d shake hands with @realdonaldtrump - my business and leadership mentor. work hard and good luck! @thisiscen: if you re not following @realdonaldtrump on twitter you are missing out on greatness. do it. thank you! north korea can t survive or even eat without the help of china. china could solve this problem with one phone call-they love taunting us! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump will the mavs make the playoffs what do u think mr trump? no mark cuban is a loser! word is spreading that i got a tattoo - no way i am not a fan! @mr asuaiko: one day i ll be rich and powerful like my mentor @realdonaldtrump great! jobs report is really bad - beyond the worst projections.a bad day on wall street! @trackdonny: @realdonaldtrump . thanks for spreading the truth about china and all donald trump. you rock brother. donny stjohn sag. actor. very excitingtomorrow night at madison square garden i get inducted into the @wwe hall of fame. tell me which is coolermy induction into the @wwe hall of fame or my star on the hollywood walk of fame? james holmes the aurora colorado guy who killed 12 people & injured 58 others is fighting hard to avoid the death penalty... ...who says the death penalty is not a deterrent? only 88000 jobs were added this past march. prediction was 190000. businesses cant expand with obama care & high taxes on horizon. rt @ivankatrump: check out my may redbook magazine cover. very exciting! #redbook. this sundays all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc has the most beautiful boardroom judges ever w @ivankatrump & @melaniatrump together! sunday night at 9 pm est will be re-run of last week s episode of celebrity @apprenticenbc followed by new episode at 10 pm. the great question is not whether you have failed but whether you are content with failure. - laurence j. peter. @trentnanny09 thanks traci. hi to your son. @buzzfeedpsa @lood800 four. @brn2shpfrcd2wrk okay--hi maria! @ mickey mouse thanks basil. i will be on the record with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news. @ckmagic32 thanks mark. @blazey53 great good luck. @ourcolorado @emilyhoms thank you. @philipmyrer wow! @gapools either is great. @jordanknoxville @apprenticenbc starting next week the show increases to 2 hours. @keiththoms @apprenticenbc original schedule but going back to two hours. spent full day with contractors at trump national doral - it will be amazing! i am doing on the record with greta van susteren at 10 p.m. on fox. we will be talking about the bad economy and other subjects of interest! @salesdan48: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to see the finished product. another trump masterpiece ..... as usual !!! thanks dan re. doral! @beaumontanthony: @realdonaldtrump. great picture mr trump would to see u invest in some golf courses in the uk your resorts are the best. @ricardohernang great going ricardo! i m getting ready to be inducted tonight into the wwe hall of fame at madison square garden - a great honor for me and the trump family! @billlmu lili will call you - thanks and good luck! our president must be very careful with the 28 year old wack job in north korea. at some point we may have to get very tough-blatant threats. when is south korea going to start paying us for the massive amounts of money we are spending to protect them from the north? china is pushing north korea! @thejbrain: @realdonaldtrump america needs you in 2016. your success and capabilities are enough to make the world peaceful again.god bless. @jdstravel: @jdstravel @realdonaldtrump do you have a helipad at trump national la? yes! @therealhamzeh: one of my idols @realdonaldtrump a geeat compliment - thank you! @seandburke: i would pay cash money to see @therock bodyslam @realdonaldtrump just once. #wwe #wrestlemania he is not strong enough! @ec364: @realdonaldtrump where s sadam s billiions of after bush invested american taxpayer . we were too stupid to take it-loser pols! @helpuserve: @realdonaldtrump donald we are always supporting other countries often times because we re stupid - we make bad deals! @realbrianbuxton: @fluffyguy why is @realdonaldtrump even at a @wwe event? ratings asshole - i ll bet in life you are a very big failure! true america is rapidly losing it s spirit and when that s gone we will only be going in one direction - and that direction is down! @ironman1021: i think after watching his roast i ve realized that @realdonaldtrump is super fucking bad ass props to you sir true - thanks. @giovachris: @sammartinobruno: @realdonaldtrump and i backstage at wwe hall of fame. a great man and good friend. my induction last night at madison square garden into the wwe hall of fame was amazing-i met some great people including bruno. @jesus mohammad: @realdonaldtrump should i get the red donald trump tie or the blue donald trump tie??? get them both at macy s-thanks! @chriscolgan: @realdonaldtrump - congrats on being the greatest real investor of our time thank you! celebrity apprentice is rebroadcasting last weeks episode at 9 p.m. with a great new episode featuring @melania trump at 10 p.m. - amazing! starting next week and by popular demand plus good ratings nbc will broadcast only two hour episodes of celebrity apprentice at 9 p.m. @mercy flawless: @realdonaldtrump i kinda like the tattoo you got. check it out guys! dopey i don t have tattoos! @thesportsswede: @realdonaldtrump @ec364 bush murdered thousands of r troops & wasted trillions in a needless & senseless war-iraq. true! @luwfcrule: @realdonaldtrump when will apprentice usa be back on uk tv? jealous of not being able to watch it like you are in the usa. soon. : @realdonaldtrump @helpuserve when we have people eating out of trash cans in this country we have no business helping any other country. @bonnie obe: @realdonaldtrump congrats my role model!! i always look up to youboss. thank you! @airpacee: @realdonaldtrump i don t even follow u and i love you very nice! @apprenticenbc is great tonight and stars the legendary beauty @melaniatrump who reveals her great skin care collection. @lordandtaylor. @majidedan: @realdonaldtrump but why only one hour?! i need my two hours of crazy. #celebapprentice next week until end increased to 2 hrs. dennis rodman is a project manager tonight on celebrity apprentice - watch dennis in full action! @rab4488: @realdonaldtrump @billmoyers @pbs @jeremiahwright bill moyers is a good man---1000 times better then you are he is a dummy! im at @wrestlemania tonight but will be doing a few tweets. i know the episode well.... #celebapprentice. my wife the beautiful @melaniatrump will be appearing #celebapprentice. the #celebapprentice post @omarosa. will it ever be the same? .@pennjillette and @dennisrodman as pms- im proud of dennis and his performance this season. #celebapprentice. it appears that @thegarybusey is entranced with @melaniatrump- and rightly so! #celebapprentice. what do you think so far? #celebapprentice. the boardroom and @wrestlemania- i m watching great entertainment tonight! #celebapprentice. im a star maker- adrian has continued to receive many fans in @trumptowerny and @amandatmiller is definitely on the map! #celebapprentice. .@melaniatrump will be on @theviewtv today at 11am et discussing @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice & her skin care collection. tune in! @angie ncislover have a happy one! .@melaniatrump just finished being on @theviewtv--by any standard she was great! .@foxandfriends interview re: north korea firing @dennisrodman job report @melaniatrumps debut & @wrestlemania. thanks @wwe--@vincemcmahon is an amazing guy. my @gretawire interview re: the dismal job report getting ripped off by south korea 2016 election & #wwehof. i am very impressed by @dennisrodman. his return to this seasons @apprenticenbc showed who dennis really is--which is very good. margaret thatcher was the iron lady of the west. she promoted freedom & democracy---a great leader & ally of america. the new reality. china daily is sold in street newspaper vending machines across dc. why not? they own the place. think positively. there are always opportunities. keep your focus and don t give up! don t negate your own power. whatever you ve been dealt know you can deal with it. fear is the opposite of faith. i just left @trumpwinery in charlottesvillevirginia --- it is the finest in the country--- really incredible! here i am with @ivankatrump and erictrump presenting the wgc @cadillacchamp trophy to tiger woods at. follow me on instagram-. @thejbrain thanks! @red head ed @josecanseco @thejbrain thanks eddie i really appreciate your nice words! its tuesday how much has china stolen from us today through cyber espionage? pennies don t fall from heaven they have to be earned here on earth. pm margaret thatcher october 13 1925 april 8 2013. it was great seeing @schwarzenegger at the #wwehof. watch me get inducted into the #wwehof tonight at 10pm on usa. i will be posting exclusive behind the. in today s all new #trumpvlog i discuss what a great honor it was to be inducted into the wwe hall of fame. yea nbc has increased all remaining celebrity apprentice episodes to two hours starting at 9 p.m. on sunday! amazing show. @scooter41471: @realdonaldtrump congrats on the run with the show been a staple for years on nbc thanks scott! .@jerrylawler was terrific. #wwehof. watching the show. #wwehof. always nice to see the terrific @mariamenounos at the #wwehof. vince mcmahon shows the crowd one of the greatest moments in wwe history. #wwehof. making my speech. #wwehof. another one of me on stage. #wwehof. family group shot. #wwehof. watching @trishstratuscom get inducted from the sold out crowd. #wwehof. here i am with @trishstratuscom #wwehof. fellow inductee @sammartinobruno and me. #wwehof. @wwemarissa 54: @realdonaldtrump and @vincemcmahon at #wm23 was so great! that is a moment i will never forget! @wwe #hof thanks.marissa! @k33motherapy: @realdonaldtrump #trump is hof ! thanks! @princewatercres: @vincemcmahon inducts @realdonaldtrump huh? can t picture anyone else doing this. #wwehof. what a great group! with @schwarzenegger @sammartinobruno and @tripleh. #wwehof. @virginiadg: #proudtobeafanof very successful and inspiring @realdonaldtrump. @kennyp1966: @realdonaldtrump nice looking family! of all your accomplishments your family has to be your greatest. talking with @sammartinobruno backstage- #wwehof. class of 2013. #wwehof. with fellow inductees in front of the sold out crowd at msg. #wwehof. @miketilley13: prepping for my job interview by reading the art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump inspirational good luck mike! @thefarfar. @virginiadg @bjjsoulroller. @stephenhcornell. @emmyb96 @theellenshow. @brian legit. @riggs deb. @bryanice1: ending my life. thanks @realdonaldtrump! bryan don t do it - you have everything to live for! @broshoban thanks! @aakash4cesc: @realdonaldtrump will never forget the way u shaved vince s head and money fall !! u deserved to be in wwe hof thanks! @cpacdean: @realdonaldtrump you ve raised children that young people can look up too. thats probably your greatest achievement in my mind. @mbb2792: @realdonaldtrump congrats on the hall of fame !!!!! @wwe sorry haters but people loved my wwehof speech as you saw last night. why did vince and the wwe give my speech and segment the most time last night on usa network - because that s what people want to see! sorry losers and haters but i loved the great energy in madison square garden during my speech. the wwe thought it was incredible - it was! @davidgrieve: @realdonaldtrump whats with the ridiculously short apprentice episodes? : @apprenticenbc going back to two hours - ratings. @socalcharles: @realdonaldtrump @mbb2792 @wwe people still watch that? thanks! @ericlahti929: @realdonaldtrump @nbc -- i say more mr. trump and less everything else on your network! thanks eric many agree! i hope everyone especially the haters and losers goes to macy s today and buys some djt ties shirts and suits-and success fragrance-love! @mersjm1: @realdonaldtrump why did you get this tattoo?!!!? i never got a tattoo and never would! my @hollywoodlife interview w @melaniatrump discussing her debut on @apprenticenbc & her skin care line. @rogerbiles @ericlahti929 @nbc thanks! @sandeepsrih @trumpchicago thanks! @danst schwind thanks--and good luck. @alxg21 thank you! i discuss south korea in today s all new #trumpvlog -. donald trump wishes kristen stewart a happy birthday via @hollywoodlife. obamas proposed budget has another middle class tax hike enjoy! the 200m renovations at trump @doralresort are right on target. when completed the course will be as good as it gets. success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. think like a billionaire. sexual pervert anthony weiner has zero business holding public office. .@yankees kevin youkilis is off to a terrific start. hes less than half the price and a much better player than a drug free a-rod. you cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - andrew carnegie. @ cassmoney thanks! @garthdahdah: @realdonaldtrump: i hope everyone goes to macy s today and buys some djt ties shirts & suits love my djt ties - thanks! @jacklypka: @realdonaldtrump how do you like the dallas mavericks chances tonight against phoenix? i don t! @elliotd224: @realdonaldtrump do you think bloomberg is a good mayor? yes! @maggieaveu a thanks and say hi to your son! @ter2885: @realdonaldtrump just bought one for my son s bday celebration to vegas! #gorgeous great! @realdougclark great! @frankromeo31: @realdonaldtrump @garthdahdah don t forget success! the most complimented cologne in my collection... by far! thanks! @jtholder2010 great! i feel so badly for mark cuban-the dallas mavericks were just eliminated from the playoffs and his partners are pissed. very sad! @salesdan48: @realdonaldtrump why is anthony weiner attempting to run for mayor ? because he is delusional! @salesdan48: @realdonaldtrump mark cuban is a sad unhappy man. a facade masquerading as a trump wannabe. very interesting! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump my 12yr old nephew is your biggest fan! has #success cologne watches apprentice wants to be like u say hi! @cherish how: @realdonaldtrump i m gonna defend my thesis tomorrow. any advice for people who have stage fright like me? be cool! @mikefroccaro: @realdonaldtrump i wear my donald trump tie every week. incredible. great! @mdahgod not much it s too easy! @dohaben i will be there soon! @bogart ron true! @syxxpac1980 @cherish how thanks. @ukwildcatfan96 true! @bklynborn71 @dvorlando wonderful news thanks. .@alexsalmond @pressjournal rt @rdowns @realdonaldtrump margaret thatcher never would have allowed those wind mill monstrosities. go for the jugular so that people watching will not want to mess with you. think big. opportunities only present themselves if you are out there looking for them. be aggressive and seize them when they come. congratulations to @ivankatrump and jared on the big news. i will have yet another grandchild this fall! congratulations to @nyknicks on winning their first atlantic division title since 1994. @carmeloanthony is a great new yorker and knick! i really liked everyone at the @wwe hall of fame ceremony--fantastic people! .@jimmyv3 @wwe greatly appreciate your nice words re wrestlemania. thats why you are such a respected writer. the time has come. thegarybusey will be project mgr on this sunday s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. must see tv!!! back to 2 hrs. #tbt @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump @erictrump and i 20 years ago-. obamas budget spends 2b making our navy ships algae-powered the strong world is laughing at us. mr. president it is time to lead on the korean crisis. make a statement from the rose garden and send a strong message to the man child! interested is interesting. if you remember that simple rule you will have no trouble making conversation.- think like a billionaire. @rodmonium91 probably mark. @ ajperez @wwe @vincemcmahon i hope so! @ahmedmallick2 @wwe thanks. @ryanrockefelker thank you. @chrislawgolf: playing @realdonaldtrump international links tomoro. can t wait! supposed to be amazing! #beentoldtotakealotofballs enjoy! @rangi mats: @realdonaldtrump miss peru universe 2008 karol castillo passed away last night : #missuniverse #missperu a wonderful person. @sstew3: @realdonaldtrump we have no leadership no kidding! i can t believe we are not asking south korea for anything. they make a fortune on us while we spend a fortune defending them-how stupid! don t talk to me about bush i was never a defender or a fan! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump i ve come to the conclusion the only help for america is trump 2016 for president! probably so! @ryelki: @realdonaldtrump @sstew3 we have no jobs no hope and no cash. ten years ago we had some or all of those things interesting! @rickshauntz: @realdonaldtrump @sstew3 we need the art of the deal very true! @ctobin22: @realdonaldtrump if u were to suggest 1 most important thing to president obama would b?? leadership! @michaelnidiffer: @realdonaldtrump thoughts on kerry visiting seoul amid missile crisis.. tell them that they must pay us for protection! @wallsburg: @realdonaldtrump why did you support obama in 08? i didn t dummy! @djhago: @realdonaldtrump re scotland. i m in scotland and you are absolutley right about the wind farms. hideous and horrible things. via @australian: trump empire planning to build a presence in sydney. .@nbc has increased @apprenticenbc to 2 hours until the end of the season--full 2 hour episodes starting at 9 pm est. .@alexsalmond rt @king pepp driving through indiana and seeing tons of ugly windmills. now i know what @realdonaldtrump is talking about. all eyes are on @tigerwoods @the masters. hes in good position! .@trumpwaikiki is hawaiis top luxury hotel & destination. each room features stunning views & superb amenities. .@alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews rt @danscavino - one would think the photo & caption - says it all.... .@alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews rt @danscavino the photos that they don t show the public... china controls north korea. so now besides cyber hacking us all day they are using the norks to taunt us. china is a major threat. the only american who has met with the north korean man child is dennis rodman. isnt that frightening and sad? where is the president? it is time for him to come on tv and show strength against the repeated threats from north korea -- and others. be up front and direct with people and they will return the favor. think like a billionaire. always remember that as your success grows you will be asked for more favors. learn how to say no. it is critical. my performance from last week on david letterman @late show will be re-aired tonight at 11:35 pm on cbs. remember to take time this weekend to relax and regroup. it will pay major dividends for the next week. @faithable @danscavino true. @robertmccallis3 @alexsalmond @pressjournal @bbcnews @danscavino turbines destroy environments and people. @misterespinal thanks very nice. @truckncargirl @piersmorgan true! @dabg3241 turbines will kill more birds than hunters. @lanah11 @ivankatrump thanks. i talk about obamacare in today s #trumpvlog-. our country should be worried about nuclear control far more than gun control--& that one s not even close! @mannaaeyad i only speak the truth. @bakerjb19 china will only rule if we let them--or are stupid. i am on david letterman tonight. @tanann5: @realdonaldtrump love you to death...think you r amazing and brilliant! like your straight forward talk....thanks! @hogmanjemjack: @realdonaldtrump after obama bailed out gm for 80 billion 7 out of 10 gm cars made in china! ridiculous that they gave the 14 year old golfer from china a one stroke penalty for slow play at the masters see i can stick up for china. @joshlop17: @realdonaldtrump is a true model hard work and dedication money and attitude and unsotppable force wow thank you! @josh b 123: thank you for creating the best show ever @realdonaldtrump very nice thank you! what a shame that kobe bryant was so badly injured last night - a truly great champion who brought the lakers back from oblivion this year! bad break for @tigerwoods-hits a great shot which hits the pin and kicks into the water-gets a bogey on hole with another great shot-champ! @bclew70: @realdonaldtrump donald i am disappointed in you. you should have ran for pres. never too late! @petekobelka: @realdonaldtrump just wanted to let you know your show is the best show on prime time better then anything! remember nbc increased celebrity apprentice to 2 hours starting this sunday night at 9 p.m. through end of season-great news for app lovers. @genuineaccess: @realdonaldtrump booked vip clients to playing at the trump course in palos verdes fnn # great-best course in california! @veivetrose also true! @teh jaybee: @realdonaldtrump are you going to return the favor to @vincemcmahon and be the one who inducts him in to the @wwe #hof? yes! @bidwellp: @realdonaldtrump are you supporting chinese child labor? only at the masters! did a rod really try to buy the papers that would implicate him re. drugs - wow that would be the end a disaster! @loganfaris: have to do an essay on a hero....... definitely picking @realdonaldtrump. perfect idol very nice-good luck! @realcoachhodge: i m thinking of changing my name to trump. just to thank @realdonaldtrump for making my business thousands! smart! @coolcanuckchick: @realdonaldtrump i thought china was good with the u.s.? only if you want no country left! china will extract much from secretary kerry and the u:s. in order for them to help us with the north korea problem-don t let this happen! south korea must in some form pay for our help-the u.s. must stop being stupid! @dolliemjs02: @realdonaldtrump i liked donald trump on the to night show with david letterman thanks! @dale26: mr @realdonaldtrump how come the us doesn t listen 2u whenever u give them advice on how deal with all the problems? they are dumb. @rpm11561: @ivankatrump your dad s interview last night with david letterman was the best realest most genuine sitdown ever ! thanks! @cockycam: don t care what you say @realdonaldtrump is spot on with his comments on gov. issues! keeps it real and honest! #respect best! remember save your evening to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 - increased to a full two hours - great episode - watch gary b. @mralanr: @realdonaldtrump donald you rock! #theartofthedeal changed me forever. thanks that is really great news congrats! @kanikagahlaut: can anyone explain why @jerryseinfeld is so unfunny on twitter and @realdonaldtrump is so funny? jerry is highly overrated. @pjpaton: wind mills are highly dangerous - they tend to sheer off blades and catch fire in gales and storms @realdonaldtrump true! @norahaxha: @realdonaldtrump donald trump is the man loved the interview on letterman! thanks! @adultprodigy: i ll say it nobody beats @realdonaldtrump when it comes to honest reporting and serious insight. thanks! @kingof class: @realdonaldtrump honestlyyou can t find anyone more real than donald trump! a great compliment thanks! @philip711: @realdonaldtrump i think when you go on the @sternshow those are the best interviews howard and i have fun! @wallsburg: @realdonaldtrump grow a pair donald. admit you were wrong to support obama in 08. moron i never supported obama in 08. @tjwacker. good luck! @pattymsink: @realdonaldtrump please please please consider running in the 2016 presidential election. we need business savvy you thanks. @teresayarbor: @realdonaldtrump @wallsburg i remember you supported john mccain just like i did. that is correct thank you! @gameexpress1: @realdonaldtrump angel cabrerra will win the masters..265lbs of everyman golfer..ole! he is looking good! @michele wv: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president. please you are too kind! @cliftonclive: @realdonaldtrump : i completely agree with patty. a businessman of your caliber can successfully implement state policies. t. @peterjsteele: @realdonaldtrump love to hear your thoughts on idiot alex rodriguez. i hope he gets run out of new york. he will be! @trevordebus: @realdonaldtrump why is apprentice 2 full hours now? ratings problems prompt nbc to end the season early? no dopeopposite! @adamscott is a great guy and player! @chuckyc78: @realdonaldtrump happy the apprentice is back to two hours having my weekly apprentice party you will love it tonight! @akd100: @realdonaldtrump are u watching #masters ?! it s no sure thing yet !! yes great event! @kyle j91: @realdonaldtrump if the us asked for reimbursement for defense and the koreans declined then what? let s rebuild the u.s.! @alumadrifter: @realdonaldtrump @gameexpress1 i m calling it for jason day he probably just blew it! @wwinmill: @realdonaldtrump canada loves you donald! thanks! make sure to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 on nbc. a great show just like the masters. 9. @iamtimclancy: @realdonaldtrump....please save our america....a democratic win in 2016 will be the final nail. true! @mforbes326: can t wait for celebrity apprentice! let s do this gary! i hope he wins tonight. @realdonaldtrump. @thelambdizzle: @realdonaldtrump mr trump are we 2 hours tonight? yes. @willise2n: @realdonaldtrump u r a hero to us in nigeria africa. wen r u visiting us nxt? it wld be a dream come true to meet really nice. great job @adamscott - you deserve it! @mskibbs1: @realdonaldtrump the only way we can save america in 2016 will be if you run for president. thank you! @adamscott - i am really proud of you adam - i ll see you soon at trump national doral! @t colello: @realdonaldtrump if you were president korea wouldn t be messing with us #trump2016 100 correct! get ready to turn to nbc for celebrity apprentice -- tonight s show is great! a lot of comments re @melaniatrump vs. milania last week. i think spelling has taken on a new significance. #celebapprentice. its true@dennisrodman gets the comeback of the year award. i didnt like having to fire him. #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey as project manager... is team power in trouble?? #celebapprentice. a vampire with a day pass? we are in @thegarybusey land. #celebapprentice. what would you choose- vampires or cavemen? #celebapprentice. .@pennjillette doesnt like @stephenbaldwin7s clich line and stephen says penn creeps him out. do we sense conflict yet? #celebapprentice. @jeffreybigmoney: @realdonaldtrump would they have won the task if not the misspelling? i was dying for him or trace to ask that. yes! based on the shoots- which silent film do you think will be better? #celebapprentice. .@pennjillette and @stephenbaldwin7 s arguments are making the edit room look like the boardroom. #celebapprentice. it s boardroom time! does anyone miss @omarosa? #celebapprentice. what is your favorite @thegarybusey film? tonight s short film? point break? lethal weapon? #celebapprentice. do you know how many years @therealmarilu starred on taxi? #celebapprentice. great shots of @trumptowerny #celebapprentice. im impressed -- both teams have produced very entertaining silent films. #celebapprentice. product integration is very important. #celebapprentice. the home of the boardroom- @trumptowerny- #celebapprentice. who do you think is going home? #celebapprentice. do you think i made the right decision? #celebapprentice. @jfordeureka: love the ties! where can i get them? @realdonaldtrump @erictrump #celebapprentice macy s! @ronettekite: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump does look great! shes stunning intelligent a true role model for many women. true-fhank you! @pasharozay: ivanka trump is the best thing @realdonaldtrump ever created. #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice. will be doing fox and friends in two minutes! .@donaldjtrumpjr and @erictrump with @hulkhogan -- great shot! from 10-11 pm @apprenticenbc ranks #1 in 18-49 among abccbs and nbc. #celebapprentice. my @foxandfriends interview re: @ivankatrump s pregnancy my grandchildren obama s 18 tax rate & obamacare. in case you missed it my @gretawire interview on obama s ira rate cut hurting savings & economic growth. despite firing @stephenbaldwin7 in last night s all star celebrity @apprenticenbc stephen had strong overall performance this season. .@therealmarilu is impressing the all star celebrity @apprenticenbc viewers with her continued success on team power. rt @gatewaypundit: the trump hotel waikiki looks like a lovely resort @realdonaldtrump #hawaii. my heart goes out to the people of boston on this terrible day! we must change the laws of our land and seek fair but rapid trials for the perpetrators of terrorist acts boston with harsh punishment! @nycjennie: @realdonaldtrump would you mind retweeting this flier please. you could help me save 4 year old jayden s life! go jayden! .@hardball chris must have the lowest iq on televisionnow telling people that domestic terrorists are from the right. .@hardball chris did you forget about bill ayers & so many others? you should apologize to all the people you offended yesterday. ive known @hardball chris for a long time & sadly he gets dumber each & every year--& started from a very low base. @sonoman24 @stephenbaldwin @apprenticenbc i was not thrilled but left them in because the show is real. @emilyplacido @foxandfriends @ivankatrump thanks. @mrmikeyharrison you will love it! @oparinde macy s will be happy--and so am i. @terryvanburen @therealmarilu @apprenticenbc .@therealmarilu will be happy--she s also a great person. @yazzeruk very nice--thanks. its very sad that the administration isnt sending anyone to margaret thatchers funeral. she was a big u.s. supporter. @ascotcarrental i know adam--he s a great player & great guy! via @tvbythenumbers:tv ratings sunday family guy & the simpsons down all-star celebrity apprentice up. throwing out the first pitch a few years ago at fenway in boston- boston will be better than ever. via @scotsmandotcom: donald trump hires top lawyer for wind farm battle. congratulations to @boston police @fbiboston & all emergency first responders & doctors for their excellent work under fire yesterday. the world economy is under deep stress with growth slowing everywhere. yet crude is over 87 barrel. should be 25 at the most. @adamjackson73 yes. .@alexsalmond rt @islandbluenose you ll be doing us in scotland a great service if you win. good luck. .@alexsalmond rt @richwaugaman this time i agree 100 i never knew how useless a wind turbine was until i cont. .@alexsalmond rt @noble74 i live in aberdeenshire & i m with you you have made a big difference to that bit cont. negotiation is persuasion more than power. be reasonable and flexible and never let anyone know exactly where youre coming from. vegas top destination @trumplasvegas is a 64-story tower of golden glass what goes on there stays there! via @financialpost: climate changing for global warming journalists by lawrence solomon cont. i sure hope the sexting pervert anthony weiner runs for mayor. will be great fun watching him both lose and be humiliated. @lesterwge thank you. @dannyojedaokc thanks. @ccade937 thank you. with @stephenbaldwin7 earlier today at @apprenticenbc press conference in @trumptowerny. i discuss yesterday s tragedy at the boston marathon in today s video blog. @anthonyskwiat: @queynewton @realdonaldtrump ya because mark cuban is an arrogant punk compared to donald who s a living legend thanks! @leebestt: @realdonaldtrump his opponent should not agree to any debates as i am sure he is a master. re me? thanks! @ katemorgan : i d say @realdonaldtrump is a legend i work too long and hard to think about it - but thanks! @slabrunojr: @realdonaldtrump @anthonyskwiat @queynewton cuban could buy and sell trump 2x!! wrong moron the opposite times 4. @doug e fresh2: @realdonaldtrump is definitely a legend. a real man among men. thanks doug i like you tooooo! @real lukashall: starting to follow the donald has been one of my better decisions lately @realdonaldtrump that s great! @beaumontanthony thanks. @larryrobertwyat our country needs a negotiator--we are failing fast! @lushpillai @trumplasvegas thanks. @musicbyethan thank you. @dandeloof @mcuban wrong--he started it i finished it! @puffy61 @real lukashall thanks. @handyrachet flattery! @y0itsbeau well i would make america great again. great to see @redsox win big yesterday. good for boston and the country. yesterday we were all @redsox fans. @kathylooper thanks. had a fantastic time at yesterdays all-star @apprenticenbc press conference with @stephenbaldwin7 in @trumptowerny. the chinese must still be laughing at kerrys trip to china. he got nothing gave them everything and promised even more. our gov t is so pathetic that some of the billions being wasted in afghanistan are ending up with terrorists. business is easy. dealing with people is hard. if you are an entrepreneur your most important job is to choose who works with you. it is terrible that neither obama biden nor kerry attended lady thatchers funeral. they would all run to muslim brotherhood morsis. @blake1swanson thanks. @gauravk725 great! druggie a-rod @mlbs biggest fraud is lucky george steinbrenner is no longer with us. @yankees would have voided his contract. obamas 1t deficit budget expanded welfare & green cronyism & it cut domestic bomb prevention in half. w spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views @trumpgolfla is the top luxury public golf course in the country. thinking small when you could think big limits you in all aspects of your life. everyone loves @amandatmiller- here she is with @joan rivers and me. @theimpregnable: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump what keeps you going ?. love of my family country and work! @kayceelaw: @realdonaldtrump a great mind...and a role model. thanks! @blakeamorrow: @realdonaldtrump ha! cuban got lucky. trump is a genius. hope to see you at the top one day sir. great hopefully soon! @itshodaifa: @realdonaldtrump i wish someday i would be like you! you re my inspiration! keep up the good work. thanks! @maggie101956: @realdonaldtrump donald...he couldn t go to thachers funeral??? am i the only one outraged??? no! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump best piece of advice u would give to a young businessman? work really hard and smart! @unitedcontractf interesting and true. @knaweiny21: @realdonaldtrump love everything that you stand for! you are a brilliant man! thank you! @billf227: @realdonaldtrump staying at doral tonight. can t wait to see it after the trump renovations it will be amazing! @lrod421: @realdonaldtrump @mlb @yankees what do you think the yankees will end up doing with his contract. pay it or contess it contest? @scheekster: @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfla it is an amazing place! will be playing there in a tournament june 3 can t wait! win! @arseburgers: @realdonaldtrump @itshodaifa when you die the world will be better very nice - you sound like a really wonderful person! @slave4suzi: @katrinadevita i highly recommend you follow @realdonaldtrump if you don t already. the man s a genius. thank you! @garthdahdah: @trumpgolfla the top luxury public golf course in the country @realdonaldtrump thank you! @ilovebritney 7: @realdonaldtrump could you run for president ? we need you! we need someone! @simonlise: @realdonaldtrump @maggie101956 if he had gone you would have criticized him for leaving the boston issue unresloved wrong! @nicktripp86: @realdonaldtrump @rodmonium91 what is the most important lesson you ve learned in business? never give up! @ailor424: @realdonaldtrump prez shows more anger about us senate not passing guns bill than he does about the boston bombing. interesting! @rogerlmenard: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump please keep up the great work on all fronts...your an inspiration to everyone. thank you! @mtneerjustice: @realdonaldtrump my husband and i went to las vegas in august and stayed at the trump hotel. we loved it! that s great! @mattmoran50: the day @realdonaldtrump runs for president is the day this country can get back to being great again wow thank you! @patrickblackbrn: @realdonaldtrump @mattmoran50 he tried last cycle and failed miserably. never ran yet lead in the pols you moron! @rockinar: @realdonaldtrump @mtneerjustice trump does not own the hotel. he just licensed him name out for it. wrong i own the hotel! @mewonderful2: @realdonaldtrump @rockinar @mtneerjustice lolss. i wonder if the false info comes from hate or just lack of knowledge.hate. @lanele123 thank you. the reality is that no gun bill will ever stop tragedies. and as we have learned from obamacare washington only makes things worse! one reason many people do not do well in business is because they do not do well with people. midas touch. amazing! watch @nhlbruins fans take over national anthem during pregame ceremonies. @camarrone great! @aclutter51 we need someone! @gabagul hi dan and good luck! @ace stef great thanks. featuring top spa in new york aaa five-diamond award @trumpsoho is sohos most elite hotel & destination spot. #tbt with @donaldjtrumpjr almost 35 years ago-. pervert alert! sexter anthony weiner will be running for mayor of new york city. sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities. think like a champion. being tough doesnt mean being nasty difficult or unreasonable. it means being tenacious and refusing to give in or give up. with @ivankatrump and crew at the start of a new @doralresort. another great shot from the beginning of construction at @doralresort. south african tourism north america will unveil its new ad campaign whats your big 5? on all-star @apprenticenbc this sunday. these tsarnaev brothers did not work alone. they had help and assistance from other cell members. be vigilant and on the lookout. the @fbipressoffice police & others are doing an amazing job. how genius was it putting together that tape? lots of commentsdo you really believe these two brothers operated alone without influence of others? @marlborostan you ve got it mixed up. chechnya is not the czech republic. david pecker would be a brilliant choice as ceo of time magazine -- nobody could bring it back like david! .@cnn should stop apologizing for the mistake they made the other day & get back to reporting! @daveinfinland: @realdonaldtrump i just watched the #youvebeentrumped documentary. it was a one-sided piece of garbage-a total disgrace! get all the info then quick trial then death penalty for the boston killer of innocent children and people! do not be kind. @the indypendent: @realdonaldtrump maybe anthony weiner can serve as editor in chief! but then @cnn would become x-rated! @sverriss: @realdonaldtrump what good will killing him her do? he ll never kill again-and others will start to think about consequences! @mikeohio2323: @rob bieber @realdonaldtrump tell the victims and their families about this guy s rights. terrible! you must be kidding-zero chance he is innocent! read my tweets you dopes-of course he should get a trial-but fast not a 12 year disaster . is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health? @mattweaver 21: @realdonaldtrump you are quite literally the worst human being ever. thank you! @jschmeezz23: @realdonaldtrump in my opinion you are the best human being ever! i like that better-thank you! @justin majoy: @realdonaldtrump this may be the best tweet in the history of twitters existence you are too kind! great job by the fbi boston police and all others involved-start the trial tonight! @alixandra k: @realdonaldtrump i love you! run for president and save this country!!!! #trumpforpresident it needs saving! @nuccioking: if he was white u wouldnt be saying that shit. rt. he is white dummy! what have you been taking! @kmcs1957: @realdonaldtrump i love when you get your haters all twisted up. you would make another gazillion as a comedian #love you! @atom murray: getting ready for brian williams to publicly humilate @realdonaldtrump on national television again.brian is not smart enough. @ ayooprincess: . many people dislike @realdonaldtrump but the man is the man and i can t lie . so true! @unitedindaking: @realdonaldtrump if my little girl was old enough for twitter i would want her to be able to follow you. smart parent! @crazygreentiger: @realdonaldtrump its because of people like you the bombings happened in the first place. oh i see it s my fault! @edincamera2: @alphatreblesix @realdonaldtrump it s saddens me to know someone so moronic can become so rich. perhaps i m really smart? @cjdew67 thanks! @filmrod83: @realdonaldtrump what house makes your cologne? i m going to macy s to get a few of your ties and cologne! the best! thanks! @shanefontaine7: @realdonaldtrump what a great fragrance success is. love the sentiment and it lasts all day. thanks donald no thanks @s. @lumberportal that s great! @davidpylejr: @realdonaldtrump @edincamera2 @alphatreblesix you re not really smart mr. trump you re an f-ing genius! i.q. tests confirm! @jarius rembert: @realdonaldtrump has a lot of haters. not haters losers! @lumberportal: @realdonaldtrump i don t think the haters or losers bother donald one bit haha. do they affect you in anyway? no! @garthdahdah: what was @realdonaldtrump greatest accomplishment this week? employing thousands of people! @murmiles: @realdonaldtrump sir will you be bringing the caddy service in-house at doral or sticking with a contractor? in house! sorry the best and most beautiful ties and shirts made anywhere and at a really reasonable cost. also fragrance is amazing. go to macy s. @piercecorey great going! @meganeholstein: @realdonaldtrump your family is inspiring - rags to riches in three generations. god bless america. thanks megan! @borland jim: @realdonaldtrump can you tell me if there is any retail outlets in canada that sell your apparel will get back to you! @tcorbitt20: @realdonaldtrump don t forget george w bush too. it s all his fault no republican hit bush as hard as i did! @cheban42: @realdonaldtrump how did u feel bout mitt?? very nice guy but just didn t resonate with the voters! @djmikelny: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump? how can people hate such a brilliant person? it is hard to believe isn t it! thanks . @joetran19: @realdonaldtrump how do u feel about marco rubio? drinks too much water! oh no they are worried that they didn t read the boston killer his rights and he may have a good legal argument. 12 year case to finish? t. i just won a big court decision n.y. post against some character who claimed i owed him licensing fees on success of my shirts and ties. the shirts and ties at macy s are so good-beautiful and do so well that guys like the one that sued me wrongly want a piece-l kicked his ass. i hate when the news media so afraid to offend anyone always refers to the boston killer as the suspect . when the stupid people start feeling sorry for the boston killer and want to release him and give him medals remember the killings-maimings. didn t the boston killer even run over his own brother with a car in order to get away? we are not dealing with an innocent baby here-death. i know some of you may think l m tough and harsh but actually i m a very compassionate person with a very high iq with strong common sense. you are right the media is always offending donald trump-they have no limits-but they will do anything not to offend the boston killer! @nextlevelstoner great! @ajbarker50: @realdonaldtrump do you try to make everything about you? yes! getting back to the nicer and more normal parts of life celebrity apprentice is great tonight on nbc at 9. it will be a full two hour show! watch gary b tonight on celebrity apprentice-some really crazy things happen! @coachclintswan tell me what were they doing in the park playing checkers? @bracybuilders: @realdonaldtrump just a playboy. bullshit-pop gave me knowledge and a relatively small amount of money split between brothers and sisters and i built it into over 9 bill. can you imagine the boston killer being lovingly tended to in a hospital room right next to his victims who lost their arms legs and worse! no mercy to terrorists you dumb bastards! if the boston killer applies for obama care the paperwork will be too complicated for him to understand! great sportscaster al michaels a friend of mine played golf with me on saturday morning at trump national la. he was in perfect shape! i don t know how al michaels could have been drunk and arrested on friday night if he was totally sharp on saturday morning. don t forget to watch celebrity apprentice tonight at 9pm...you will love it! make the boston killer talk before our doctors make him better. once he is well he will say speak to my lawyers. what do you think of water boarding the boston killer sometime prior to allowing our doctors to make him well? i suspect he may talk! seems like the teams are surprised when @thegarybusey comes back. #celebapprentice. .@traceadkins presents the nj coast red cross a 40000 check for sandy relief. you can tell hes very pleased about that--& rightly so. .@bretmichaels and george ross are back as advisors. good to see them! #celebapprentice. everybody loves @bretmichaels! hes a great champion and this is where he should be. he agrees! i hope you are watching the apprentice...tonight s show is great and brett michaels is back! how stressed are @lisarinna and @pennjillette already? #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey is making no attempt to help. is he in buseyland? their team is short on help already #celebapprentice. .@traceadkins isnt excited about their ideas. are you? #celebapprentice. george ross could be right@thegarybusey would be better in the adventure task than the romance task. #celebapprentice. this assignment has stretched not just the imaginations but the patience quotas of @lisarinna and @pennjillette. #celebapprentice. this assignment has been a challenge to both teams. #celebapprentice. george has a real twinkle about him says @therealmarilu. really? the shark should be scared. #celebapprentice. for you newcomers george ross was one of my first advisors on the original apprentice. #celebapprentice. romance or adventure- what do you prefer? #celebapprentice. looking forward to @thegarybusey s book of buseyisms ! george ross and i have done some great real estate deals together. hes a tough negotiator. #celebapprentice. george also appeared on saturday night live when i was guest host in 2004. a great time! #celebapprentice. what did you think of the boardroom? #celebapprentice. my ties and shirts are doing very big numbers @macy s beyond my wildest thoughts! thanks @goangelo and the rest of the losers for mentions! @angrycrank: @realdonaldtrump you are a terrible human being. that s only because you don t know me! @shootar401: @realdonaldtrump you need to run for president and get this country back on the right track! trump 2016 thank you! @jbailey1987 yes we can oh foolish one terrorists should not have the right to remain silent! @macgecko: @realdonaldtrump @macy @goangelo love your ties donald! they are quality and i own many! #menswear thank you! will be doing fox and friends at 7 a.m. in 20 minutes . @doctor trey: @realdonaldtrump i say if obama is so set on universal background checks we run a background check on him. very interesting. me by a lot! @fastfranky5: @realdonaldtrump @macy @goangelo donald - they are top notch i have a dozen or so #quality thanks people love them! @clutchba11er: @realdonaldtrump i know you wear mainly brioni ties. that s wrong i wear trump ties that are sold at macy s. @macgecko: @wsquared58 @realdonaldtrump @fastfranky5 @macy @goangelo actually the first of many trump ties because of look feel quality. @leigh26heather savannah work hard in school! @tdudz5: @realdonaldtrump you r the most honest and real person on twitter. twitter was invented for trump! thanks very nice! spent the weekend in la checking out trump national golf club on the pacific ocean. an amazing place! @jaypeemoney los angeles or scotland! @thenordicbroad thank you. .@macmiller has over 79m hits on youtube & just hit platinum with his donald trump songscrew you mac! the big problem for little @macmiller is that hes going to have to have another hit song not just his donald trump bonanza. .@foxandfriends int. on how the boston thug deserves death penalty @fbi s great work & firing brande roderick. the boston killer will soon be asking for a presidential pardondont give it to him mr. presidenthang tough! rt @drudge report: trump: is the boston killer eligible for obama care to bring him back to health? .@brandenroderick did a great job on all star celebrity @apprenticenbc. raised a lot of money for charity while looking great. @willowfrantn @belmontuniv great! @pjkorman @clutchba11er great wife! sorry to hear @msnbc was dead last in the gutter in their boston bombing coverage @hardball chris @lawrence. in light of boston immigration legislation will be much harder to get. .@thegarybusey survives another week of all star celebrity @apprenticenbc. gary is shifty and playing to win. @markkcole happy birthday mark. will barack obama personally read the boston terrorist his miranda rights? our enemy china is illegally buying oil from our enemy iran china loves it! next time you are waiting in an emergency room remember the boston killer was rushed to intensive care within minutes of capture. @borland jim macy s ships to canada! just go to:. if your enemies end up liking you its because they beat you. you want their respect not their friendship. attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - winston churchill. @jamezypell yes! @adamkellydeals: @realdonaldtrump - you are the best- ive been a supporter since i was old enough to read thanks adam! @lantern153: @realdonaldtrump i m sorry you feel terrorists deserve to enjoy the just system setup by the united states. you are nuts! in three years people wont be building wind turbines anymore - they are obsolete & totally destroy the environment in which they sit. the object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his. - gen. george s. patton. its freezing in new yorkwhere the hell is global warming? ive always been a fan of steve jobs especially after watching apple stock collapse w out him but the yacht he built is truly ugly. this past sundays all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc continued to win the key demographic of adults 25-54. an amazing run! .@alexsalmond dont worry my ad will be shown across the world--and it is highly accurate! the dying @vanityfairs circulation has dropped & its newsstand sales have plummeted by 20.1 percent. did the boston terrorists register their guns? no. another example of why gun control legislation is not the answer! sexting pervert @anthonyweiner has returned to twitter. parents of all underage girls should block him immediately! will @anthonyweiner be fully clothed in his mayoral ads? north carolinas most exclusive club @trump charlottes features @sharkgregnorman designed golf course which fronts the biggest lake in nc. it was great to have @apprenticenbc veterans george ross and @bretmichaels back in the boardroom. #celebapprentice. @lrac samoht: @realdonaldtrump ... and now ur an expert on gun control ... is there anything ur not an expert on? no! @jon fullerton no the chinese will make them! @helmjoshua wind turbines will quadruple your electric bills and destroy the value of your home. lot s of chicken soup however-bird kill. @11sheila11: @realdonaldtrump why dont you just get in there and run for president? you got all our votes thanks! wrong used to be called global warming and when that name didn t work they deftly changed it to climate change-because it s freezing! the chinese talk of climate change and carbon footprint but don t clean up their factories-but they sell us the equipment to clean up ours! @penguin rob like ugly bird killing wind turbines! @ginachaley they devalue everything stupid! @craigdevlin: @realdonaldtrump @11sheila11 please run for president jon stewart would destroy you! jon l is not smart enough! @gerhardm com perhaps but the country is in really big trouble! i do love real estate though and am seriously good at it . @davyshanks: advertising standards authority has ruled @realdonaldtrump anti-windfarm ad misleading. political ruling to save joker salmond. @bitchforshort victim never died so they would not have been given death penalty-but did you see what these innocent boys were doing? the central park five documentary was a one sided piece of garbage that didn t explain the.horrific crimes of these young men while in park. @davyshanks: advertising standards authority has ruled @realdonaldtrump anti-windfarm ad misleading not misleading very truthful! @supadupanycee: @realdonaldtrump but they didn t do it you wished death on innocent children - who were brutally attacking people in park! @scardamenis: @realdonaldtrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 jon stewart is much smarter than you. jon l isn t even close! @backupwraith: i firmly believe that @realdonaldtrump is the most superior troll on the whole of twitter. that is all. a great compliment! @doromundo thanks! @ellamaebe: @realdonaldtrump @11sheila11 but then there would be no celebrity apprentice... i would die without it!! and so would others! @massergio: @realdonaldtrump the fucking truth we need our jobs back! that won t happen without new leadership! @carolbell04: @realdonaldtrump this season of the appentance is great thanks! @jenil93 : @realdonaldtrump no melting of ice caps in the degree that global warming predicted. on the contrary increased ice in antarctica. @ilovethejays: @realdonaldtrump i m finally all caught up w #celebapprentice #loveitloveit great! @britonian: @realdonaldtrump lol ur delusional. he s got more smarts in his left nut than u do in ur whole wig!! wrong dummy-no.contest! @buford330leon: @realdonaldtrump @craigdevlin @11sheila11 jon stewart is not a match go mr trump. thanks i will. i have many great people but also an amazing number of haters and losers responding to my tweets-why do these lowlifes follow-nothing to do! @rebeccaerin they were viciously attacking other people in the park-nice guys? @rambofo great! @fun foy: @realdonaldtrump didn t some other guy admit to actually committing this brutal crime? yes but they committed other attacks! @coolboybrand: @realdonaldtrump the point of the documentary is that they were innocent - they were attacking innocent people in the park! @bostonred: @realdonaldtrump where is the evidence ? all over the place! @mtomassetti22: @realdonaldtrump so should the makers of this documentary be fired? no but they should state the true facts-no angels! @coolboybrand: @realdonaldtrump they were wildin they were creating a nuisance..and they were viciously attacking and robbing people? @weskusouma: @realdonaldtrump what other attacks? read the transcripts etc. @wlynton: @realdonaldtrump why don t you just block the morons that try annoy you? they make me feel even smarter-not worth the effort! @mimekiller: @realdonaldtrump this from the guy who advocated freedom for mike tyson? oh i guess i m not a racist! @team ackmann: @realdonaldtrump how do you really feel about mac miller? he used my name without my permission and song became a great hit. @team ackmann: i m about one more tweet away from unfollowing @realdonaldtrump and following mac miller.you ll be bored and back very fast! @maddiknick: @realdonaldtrump makes me laugh. i m so glad i found him on twitter. i ll always be a fan! #trumptastic thanks! @tsheppe: @realdonaldtrump i have on the sharpest blue trump tie on today. going to win! go get em! @ruralbeeffarmer big pollution during manufacturing and building process! scotland does not have free press even when you are just stating the facts-it s crazy! @cindykempl: @realdonaldtrump : mr trump i personally enjoy your tweets! some are very informative! thank you for your words of wisdom! lance armstrong just got sued by the federal government-they want their money back-i told you so! what was he thinking when he did that int? the mother of the boston killers not suspects says her boys are totally innocent and were set up-i can see the 14 year long defense now! @ hub : @realdonaldtrump: grew up in family business at a time when passion & competitiveness were the norm. we have lost that trump drive. @maddie rene: @realdonaldtrump trump would be a great president he would be strong and truly fight for the us. freeing up the market.thanks. @philstephen the scotland golf course in aberdeen is open & packedreally cool to see & many are saying the greatest golf course ever built. i promise you that i m much smarter than jonathan leibowitz - i mean jon stewart @thedailyshow. who by the way is totally overrated. as everybody knows but the haters & losers refuse to acknowledge i do not wear a wig. my hair may not be perfect but its mine. the boston killer applying today for obamacare. he demands that medical bills be taken care of immediately. does this include dental? sen. @maxbaucus has announced his retirement. a major proponent of obamacare baucus now says its a huge train wreck. can someone explain to me how a chechnyan permanent resident non-citizen in our country is planning jihad while on welfare? watch out. champion @joan rivers returns to the boardroom as a judge in this weeks all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. don t cross her! my @showbiztonight interview on @khloekardashian @apprenticenbc & my surprising tv career. do executives at @msnbc know that the business of tv centers on viewers & ratings? @msnbc is #19 on cable sad. by rejecting my ad on ugly windmills & @alexsalmonds faulty thinking on the lockerbie bomber the ad is now on worldwide newscasts. @dpmurphy93 that s true--they all ask! @tokodi1 see trump tower! i believe lance armstrong had death wish when he did interview w oprahas i predicted everybody is suing him hell have nothing left. the aesthetic the quality has to be carried all the way through. - steve jobs. @chadillac107 true and thanks! the entire village of blackdog in scotland protested to the council last night about the ugly windmills. @alexsalmond @pressjournal. the council was shocked by the exuberance of the demonstration in blackdog. @alexsalmond @pressjournal. the council is concerned over the health & safety for the village of blackdog w placement of sub-station. @alexsalmond @pressjournal. the sub-station in blackdog is very dangerous on unregulated landfillfire hazard! @alexsalmond @pressjournal. .@vattenfallgroup had no answers at demonstration last night. its a failing company. aberdeen windmills will destroy it. .@vattenfallgroup doesnt have the finances or financial statement to build the hated windfarm in aberdeen. @maffucci93: @realdonaldtrump up nice and early cuz money never sleeps!!!! that s great - go get em! @asaadhutchinson: @realdonaldtrump @maffucci93 dream large take charge true-do it! @hayjayp26 work hard! @neilwhinhampga: @realdonaldtrump if you were a golf professional where in the world would you set up your business? doral in miami. @raider level: @realdonaldtrump is one of my role models. thanks! @jeffruben1: @realdonaldtrump i hear the billions calling my name you ll be hearing about me in a few years. #waterturbinetopower great! @gabioliver26: @realdonaldtrump @maffucci93 my 17th bday is tomorrow :d plzzzz will u retweet me... happy b-day! @kristinaoakes: @realdonaldtrump no you re overrated. by who a moron lile you! @nearbatman: @realdonaldtrump you are my favourite! someday u could be prez. how about a rt good luck. @jamie461: @realdonaldtrump @thedailyshow looking forward to watching him destroy you again while we all laugh. he wouldn t have a chance! @sheckiezx: @realdonaldtrump @kristinaoakes only a moron would overrate him! he s overrated and morons don t make more than 9 billion s. @tatorjuice wow so nice! thanks i wish i could have met him. @daytradersfx that is true. @thesportsswede you are so stupid! @pokerswayne wrong on all counts dopey-you forgot to say taller than me! @craigdevlin: @realdonaldtrump @sheckiezx @kristinaoakes go on the daily show then and prove yourself. i would triple his ratings-nice no. @durantrandy thanks. @gauravk725 thanks. @zachfelber: @realdonaldtrump best advice my great uncle egon dumler ever gave you?? invest in real estate-egon was a great lawyer & guy. @davecentrist: @realdonaldtrump the most over-rated person on the planet donald j. trump. except by himself. why do you follow loser? @asanders836: @realdonaldtrump what would you feel about jeb bush running for president in 2016? the last thing we need is another bush! former weather underground radical kathy boudin spent 22 yrs in prison for armored-car robbery that killed 2 cops & a brinks guard... ..and now holds an adjunct professorship at columbia university. boudin also received an academic laurel from nyu law school... ...what is wrong with this story? isnt this just ridiculous? terrible! #kathyboudin. @thebageldogs @frankshow @kristinaoakes thanks--the haters & losers know that too. @howardsternjohn @donaldjtrumpjr no! @debonairo that is true! @ashley33331 true but the losers don t know that--thanks. #tbt at the us open tennis tournament with @erictrump- see same hairstyle! wow im at 2200000 followers but id love to get rid of the haters & loserstheyre such a waste of time! @abtheproducer maybe obama? @mschrock4 i never went bankrupt you dope! #tbt do you believe- once upon a time jon stewart really liked me? from 2004. via @law360: trumps 200m old post office project gets early approval. weiner says many more pictures may be out therethis is just what nyc needs a pervert mayor. pervert alert! serial sexter @anthonyweiner has promised to use twitter as a tool. parentsmake sure your children have him blocked. after tearing w bush down for 12 years now the media loves him. why not? he gave them obama. dangerous. while obama is cutting down our military china has announced plans to build more aircraft carriers. .@whitehouse continues to defend the billions it pissed away on green energy failures your money was wasted. we need another bush in office about as much as we need obama to have a 3rd term. no more bushes! @dbagsloveme i will thanks! @afolasoji so true. @frankibe i certainly did--in spades. house republicans should be doing everything possible to defund obamacare. instead leadership is funding it. do as i say not as i do.the politicians who passed obamacare are now exempting themselves from the monstrosity. must read article: immigration reform could be bonanza for democrats are the @rnc & @gop suicidal? to be in charge you have to take responsibility you have to instill confidence. its like being a conductor--set the tempo. can @pennjillette @lisarinna and @thegarybusey continue to co-exist? find out on this sundays celebrity all-star @apprenticenbc. study your area of business. all business involves risk but risk can be reduced when you learn everything you can about what youre doing. looking forward to addressing @ralphreeds @faithandfreedom road to majority conference on june 13th. the boston terrorist thugs mother is also a radical. i am sure she will be granted citizenship shortly. just as i predicted iraq is deteriorating into utter chaos the war was a waste. china is taking all the oil. does bushs library have a wing featuring supreme court justice jon roberts obamacare ruling? roberts was his prize appointee! get ready for fireworks@joan rivers & @thegarybusey face off in the board room this sunday on all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc. often times being innovative is simply putting together pre-existing elements into something new. be resourceful & expect success. when you expect things to happen - strangely enough - they do happen. - j. p. morgan. this sundays all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc features the return of @joan rivers. sunday at 9 pm on @nbc--full 2 hours. ignorance is inexcusable its the surest way to fail. no acceptable reason exists for not being well informed. being true to yourself and your work is an asset. remember that assets are worth protecting. think like a champion. @nautilus916 true! @alan ashe no they have no guts. @mbathani inc much can be done and it would be easy! @loverofthecross i don t hate him but he made some really bad decisions. @andreasboos very true! @hrdiva ny thanks. @piano807 wow! @letsbeckrush a one-sided piece of garbage--and i won--big success for scotland! @katietennis1223 thanks everyone loves it. @jimdaniell30809 @davecentrist true! @gretawire-i ll be doing on the record with greta van susteren tonight at 10 p.m. greta is a terrific person who really gets it! fox . @danscavino dan-you are a great guy with a great family-amazing future! @gretawire: @realdonaldtrump wow! what a nice comment......thank you! but 100 per cent true-and you will get great ratings tonight! what apology didn t they go around beating the crap out of people and robbing them? why did they all confess? aren t police convinced? @sam kotowski: once again @realdonaldtrump does a great job on fox news w greta. run for president! rt i m a huge fan!!! thank you! @masotam police records signed confessions and more? @camastoras: @realdonaldtrump enjoying a great evening at trump toronto! that s great have fun! @heyitsjxo: @realdonaldtrump you re my idol thanks. @joooooojaah: @realdonaldtrump is my favorite twitter account thanks! @seanbogatin: donald 4 president.. time 4 a real change!! #gotmyvote @realdonaldtrump thank you! @firephoto67: @realdonaldtrump big fan mr. trump always have been. keep up the good work thanks woody! @dogs4peace very cool! @johnrmccabe: @realdonaldtrump deserves to be president of the united states of america thanks john we need someone really good great . @sad mom: @realdonaldtrump when i watch the clouds all i see is your face and think success wow! @thesal sortino: @realdonaldtrump can a future business man get a follow back or favorite or reply from his biggest role model! hello sal. @jthecollegekid: @realdonaldtrump @joooooojaah shut up trump i m unfollowing you great but you won t stop loser-you have no control! @toddz64: @realdonaldtrump i love it when you are on letterman. you keep him on his toes. hope you are on his show again soon. i will be! @mustardtiger33: @realdonaldtrump - hey mr. trump do you like canada?? love canada and its people! @snarfguard: @realdonaldtrump is responding so... i remember meeting him when i was a valet at #trump national in nj before it opened. wow. @cmheel: @realdonaldtrump do like mexico? yes but they make a fortune off the u.s. their leaders are far better negotiators than ours. @janie sears: @realdonaldtrump one day i will shake hands with the man who inspired me to dream and become big! great going janie! @thisnbagirl: @realdonaldtrump are you still scared of @mcuban trump? nobody is scared of mark-he is a short ball hitter! the time magazine list of the 100 most influential people is a joke and stunt of a magazine that will like newsweeksoon be dead. bad list! @piximania: @realdonaldtrump mr trump! i m from south africa and i just love your tweets!! you re the best! thanks. @mirandakroughh: @realdonaldtrump i love you and i think you re funny. sooooo sweet thanks! @gauravk725: @forq2 @realdonaldtrump look at the facts..those millions were made into billions by mr. trump. and its still growing! true! @kingofrough: @realdonaldtrump seriously wonder if you like chinese people? not talking about its gov. i really like the chinese people. @salesdan48: @realdonaldtrump wake up donald the world is awaiting your wisdom . i know such a burden. @lucysmommichele: @realdonaldtrump gary busey cracks me up! he definitely has a different outlook on life! thanks for the apprentice! nice. @anon farmer @peaceliblady not me i predicted the housing bubble and told people not to buy. i now tell people it is a great time to buy. thanks for the tremendous support for my shirts ties and suits at macy s. they do great because of really high quality at a low price. marble mouth @tombrokaw asks why do we think to have a successful eveving you have to have donald trump as your guest of honor? boring tom. i remember when the apprentice became the number one show on t.v. @tombrokow came up to me and thanked me on behalf of nbc yankee stadium. @yrj77s: @realdonaldtrump your clothing line is excellent.thanks. @byrne man: @realdonaldtrump bought a trump shirt for a wedding i went to last fall i looked awesome. i ll bet you did! @dbradleyri you are a great looking guy who is really smart - you can do much better than your current girlfriend - she s nothing! @verniceblahblah: @realdonaldtrump trump hotels are the best!!! i agree and thanks! @abethbyr: im so ready for an awesome #allstar @celebapprentice tonight! bring it @realdonaldtrump @traceadkins @lisarinna @thegarybusey. @jeffpawlik: it s @celebapprentice night. can t wait! @realdonaldtrump great jeff - a full two hours 9 p.m. on nbc. @joan rivers comes back in a big way tonight on celebrity apprentice - she is fantastic. 9 on nbc. @core15 thanks. @kwindlan32: are we going to hear more buseyisms tonight on @celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump ? yes big time! @wibwariana 9?. thanks. @vanillakissesxx: @realdonaldtrump love you and love the show!! : thanks s! @kayyyygeeeee: seeing @realdonaldtrump s face makes my sunday night wonderful thanks krista! @xbreanne469: @realdonaldtrump love your show!!! thanks. @clevelandguy70: @realdonaldtrump sunday 9pm-11pm on nbc is the best tv of the week...love the show mr trump #celebapprentice thanks! @mlnluis: @thegarybusey @realdonaldtrump gary your the only reason we watch celebrity apprentice. your great!!! so are you! @ksofen: @realdonaldtrump i bought one of your ties at macy s as a gift. loved it and it was hard to choose just one. nice designs - thanks. we have the final sixand @liljon is the last remaining member of team power. hes done a great job. #celebapprentice. heres @joan rivers. she & @ivankatrump make a terrific team as my advisors. #celebapprentice. do you think @thegarybusey will be able to step up as pm? i know @lisarinna is hoping so. #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey doesnt need instructions. couch time is more fun. #celebapprentice. looks like plan b is stuck with the mechanical dog. @thegarybusey has latched on and wont let go. #celebapprentice. .@thegarybusey feels hes been abandoned by his team. do you think so? #celebapprentice. .@traceadkins says @joan rivers is a gem. i agree. we all agree. #celebapprentice. .@ivankatrump is rightplan b has descended into a state of total chaos. #celebapprentice. team power @liljon spielberg? lets find out. #celebapprentice. what did you think of @thegarybusey s mechanical dog idea? boardroom time- which team do you think had the best presentation? #celebapprentice. great memory @therealmarilu! #celebapprentice. maybe @thegarybusey should stick to words... vs. barking. hes got a definite talent when he wants to use it. #celebapprentice. do you agree with the client s decision? #celebapprentice. great boardroom. #celebapprentice. mechanical dog is going to be trending tonight. #mechanicaldog #celebapprentice. did you agree with my decision? #celebapprentice. doing fox and friends at 7.00 a.m. hope you loved apprentice last night. just out- @apprenticenbc was in first place in all demos during the 10pm hour in the ratings. i have a lot of @apple stock--- and i miss steve jobs. tim cook must immediately increase the size of the screen... the white house correspondents dinner was so boring this year- i guess thats because i didnt attend even... next year @tombrokaw should be the comedian at the white house correspondents dinner. the only problem is that... failed show @dannyzuker i have never heard of you and was told you are a loser-after reading your credits i have no questions about it! .@dannyzuker i hear your filmography is stacked with failures. .... but you only want to talk about 10 years later when i still win 10pm in all key demos.@dannyzuker. failed show @dannyzuker season 1 of @apprenticenbc had 28 million viewers and 41.5 million watching..... .@apprenticenbc season 13 still #1 at 10pm in all key demos despite having to serve as our own lead in from 9-10. 11pm news loves trump! .@richardroeper- perhaps one of the worst replacements in showbiz once you went on it was over! your taste sucks! .@dannyzuker i m in front of the camera and behind the camera- just looked at your picture you ll never be in front of the camera! one hit wonder @dannyzuker i notice you are not disputing all of the failures that i said you had. let s talk about it! .@dannyzuker don t lie @apprenticenbc was #1 in all major demos at 10. do not lie! i just sent @thegarybusey a check of 20000 for his charity children s kawasaki disease . he worked hard and deserves it. @richardroeper keep dreaming! @harry vickers @dannyzuker @apprenticenbc thanks! @siegrista thanks! great photo with @ivankatrump and @joan rivers from this week s @apprenticenbc-. by scotland officials canceling my local ad about how damaging wind turbines are- it became a much bigger story around the world. great! afghan leader karzai has received tens of millions of dollars in cash from the u.s. government- how stupidly is our country being run? @daltonstoltz: @realdonaldtrump 2.1 mil. followers vs. @dannyzuker 189 thous. @realdonaldtrump is winning! #greaterinfluence he has nothing. photo from a recent episode of @apprenticenbc - saying those two famous words! @danielrobinsmd. @lawrence is a very dumb guy who just doesn t know it-his show is a critical and ratings disaster! @fakebriwilliams thank you! @pyperproblems: @realdonaldtrump someone needs to fire @dannyzuker ! he will fire himself-a total loser! @nnnmrk: @realdonaldtrump you need to write another time to get tough book. it ll be another new york times best seller. good idea! @neddust: @realdonaldtrump bush was ur boy wrong! @vincentyanni i agree modern family sucks! @omgguy18 wrong screen is too small-samsung size is better. @shillelagh2: @realdonaldtrump @tomspiglanin @trumpnationalla if its good enough for the donald it should be ok for me directly on pacific. @horse 75: @realdonaldtrump real joke is your misleading ads that were deemed so. all politics-windfarms are in big trouble-i will win! @ivangh great taste! @mtshastacola happy birthday! @bdbender1: @realdonaldtrump it is truly disgusting to see the wind farms here in iowa - destroying our farmland and wildlife. @jtan from ott: @realdonaldtrump would ever have a loser like @dannyzuker on the apprentice? his stupidity could be funny. interesting! @kilgorecf: dang @dannyzuker v @realdonaldtrump has been too good. no too easy-danny is a dummy! @mierz1824: @realdonaldtrump have you ever respectfully disagreed with someone? no! @tdudz5: @realdonaldtrump @neddust when will people wake up and realize trump was one of bush s biggest critics! blind people! true! @massergio: @realdonaldtrump that punk s jealous of ya mr. trump @dannyzuker is not worth the time of day! he prolly wants media attn-true! @realdonaldtrump windfarms destroy everything around them-very sad! @puremanhattan: @dannyzuker @realdonaldtrump id rather support the don than some clown. just saying. danny you are a clown.yes and loser! @shawngarrett i should have many emmys for the apprentice if the process were fair-in any event it s not my day job. @jonneumeister dopey i ve won them all. @dannyzuker night loser! @bridgetgonzale3: @realdonaldtrump i mean seriously come on donald trump is the coolest guy ever. thanks but easy against the losers! @colvio117 thanks! .@lawrence is the poor man s left wing @oreillyfactor with no ratings ! congratulations to michael jordan on his marriage over the weekend. just left news conference at @trumptowerny with @thegarybusey- people love @thegarybusey! 1 5 households is on food stamps we must do better. americans need to have a work ethic. once again @liljon has competed at a very high level on celebrity all star @apprenticenbc. he is a great competitor. @tdudz5: @realdonaldtrump @liljon @apprenticenbc you have given these celebrities exposure they could not buy!t. that is true! @deannaspillyard: @realdonaldtrump you are a very wise man mr. t! love your tweets. thanks. @stiles dub @liljon is a great guy and a great competitor who is respected by all! @royroper: @realdonaldtrump we need to get the unemployed back to work. that is a big part of the answer! @gharo34: @realdonaldtrump not only is your iq somewhere between barack obama and g.w.bush...but you re entertaining! much higher than both. @bearmountaincr: @realdonaldtrump did you ever think you would have a tv series outside of r.e.? never! @fillingerjoanne: @realdonaldtrump you have the best show ever and you can tell everyone i said so. you my bff thanks joanne! @elewie1994: @realdonaldtrump ever going to return to wwe and have your fall down from the sky? up to vince m. @angryjustint: @realdonaldtrump is a true inspiration to all young entrepreneurs! thanks justin and work hard! @thaddalicious: @realdonaldtrump i love you thanks! @tdudz5: @marinedad20 @realdonaldtrump sure you do! celebrity apprentice is nothing without trumps influence. true and thanks! @naunie b sarcasm dummy! @albertosidney: @realdonaldtrump excellent service #doral thanld. @keegs dad: @realdonaldtrump i ve been a fan of yours for almost 25 years wow great! @koos32: @realdonaldtrump congrats on all your success! you are a great role model! thanks! @jwalkerkid: @realdonaldtrump it s amazing how you keep your success going this far keep it up !! thanks! @joe mangieri: going to @macys this weekend to get @realdonaldtrump ties! what s your favorite color mr. trump? blue but all are great! @jamescoleman07: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being an inspiration for people like me! you define success! thank you! very nice-thanks. @steveturk182: @realdonaldtrump what is your favorite book that you have authored? art of the deal! @tmplusii: @realdonaldtrump thanks for buying doral! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. hope to play it one day. @tmplusii: @realdonaldtrump thanks for buying doral! there is no doubt your vision will create a master piece. hope to play it one day yes! @dcgiesii: maybe @realdonaldtrump was right about his course being better than quail hollow trump national-charlotte is better than q.h. housing prices are up in feb over last feb 9.3 per cent -remember i told everyone two years ago to buy but they will be going much higher. money is really cheap so this is a great time to buy a house-but be sure to lock in long term financing without which don t buy . snow and freezing weather all over mid-section of country. global warming specialists better start thinking fast! ....... i disagree but it s still cool. wow i just found out that in a major poll of its readers the @newyorkobserver voted me #1 on the power 100 list in ny...... the people of scotland are really starting to fight the ugly industrial wind turbines. see press and journal-. see story in the scotsman re: wind turbines-. via @ap on @washingtonpost: trumps look at building 18-hole golf course on former kluge estate in rural virginia. upstate new york is suffering with record unemployment. fracking is the answer. frack now and frack fast! trump making gop speech is 2016 in the cards? via @newsmax media. fracking poses zero health risks in fact it increases our national security by making us energy independent. obamacare is a disaster. americans will see record increases in their premiums and inferior care services. oil should not cost more than 40 a barrel. ideally it should be 25. cheap to produce and we protect the opec countries. nbc terminates the chris matthews show. via @tvbythenumbers: celebrity apprentice is number 1 among abc cbs & nbc for its second hour from 10-11 p.m. dont let the fear of striking out hold you back. babe ruth. @leebestt: @realdonaldtrump so true from the 2 best of all time ruth and trump. really cool! @mrwaynerock: @erictrump @ivankatrump where fred christ trump father of the donald started the trump organization. never saw-really great. @shiveringgoat: @realdonaldtrump these poor guys were proven innocent! oh really weren t these poor guys mugging other people in park? @craigsj why did they all sign confessions and how many people did they mugg that night in the park? what about their criminal records? @tmplusii: @realdonaldtrump your show ratings are off the charts why do others fail to get it right? because they don t want to! @neviah m a totally one sided documentary. why weren t the police detectives and prosecutors interviewed? city should not settle this case. @drake4444444 i never knew but thanks for the compliment! just took a look at time magazine-looks really flimsy like a free handout at a parking lot! the sad end is coming-just like newsweek! @patrickmendeznv: they re going to make you their @time person of the year in attempt to silence you. they are not smart enough to do that. @patrickmendeznv great idea - did you see their list a joke! @hdiallo: @dblsolo7 @realdonaldtrump that hair is a hot mess & shows he gas no class or style! yea you re a real beauty! @teaparty321: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 i hope you talk about your success instead of hiding it. no doubt! @misterespinal: you see this man right here has me as his number one fan forever! inspirational real a success! @realdonaldtrump thanks. @zack 21: @realdonaldtrump @hdiallo @dblsolo7 class act there donald. how dare u call this beautiful women these names. you said beautiful? @axlrose1996 stephen that s right...and someone who is really smart! @johnquinsay when you get bored with others you ll be back and don t hurry . @hdiallo why do you follow me creepy stalker? @anthonyeding: no doubt the @realdonaldtrump would have been a better president than obama true! @salefisher - jordan is great! @broadflameec: @dblsolo7 @hdiallo @barrielouise @forq2 @realdonaldtrump small man. large ego. no large man 6 3 . large ego! jodi arias has stated that she follows me on twitter so i really hate to be saying that she is guilty but sadly she is as guilty as it gets. jodi should try but the govt. should not make a deal - no jury could be dumb enough to let her off but you never know look at oj & others. jodi if you re listening make a deal! all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc is down to the five final contestants. getting fired now is when it really hurts! . @chrislhayes replaced @edshow on @msnbc to increase ratings. its a shame chris are even worse. sad to see. with boston terrorist cell widening in suspects it s now clear that it was a mistake to read the bomber the miranda warning so early. @adb1707 @trumptowerny @thegarybusey good point! @miamarrazza work really hard & think smart! @marie marshallx @apprenticenbc thanks. @nikkio true! my wife melania will be on @qvc today @ 5 pm selling really beautiful jewelry at a very low price. perfect for mothers daycall in! call @melaniatrump today on @qvc at 5 pm est say hello and buy buy buy! trump int l puerto rico spreads luxury residences a world class golf resort & beach club across 1000 acres. obamas goal of 1 million electric car sales is a little off by over 910000 100b of our money wasted! our trade deficit is still on pace to be over 500b. this is killing our manufacturing sector and sending jobs overseas. why are some more concerned with granting terrorist rights than protecting innocent americans? turn to qvc now to watch melania - really good stuff! how much money can you stand to lose? thats how much risk you should assume. think like a billionaire. @jhonatanjansson: just watched speaches from #cpac @realdonaldtrump and @marcorubio did great thank you! @angelkakes: @realdonaldtrump love you. need people like you running this country instead of the idiots now in @whitehouse #failed thanks! @pzarrella21: @realdonaldtrump i don t understand the trolls that follow celebrities to curse them out on a daily basis. #getalife. losers! @scottygam: @realdonaldtrump jon stewart calls you f ckface von clownstick. what s that all about? he s an overrated asshole-total phoney. @s nguyen: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being a great inspiration to us in the younger generation. we need more leaders like you! thanks. always get even. when you are in business you need to get even with people who screw you. think big. @roysj unlike you stupid i became a big stock market investor a couple of years ago because the dollar is going to hell & false low int. @harrietbaldwin: @realdonaldtrump @deedeegop what happened to turn the other cheek? sorry not a believer! @danproctor11: i may strongly disagree with @realdonaldtrump s politics but he makes one hell of a dress shirt at a great price at macy s. it s crunch time. this sunday s all-star celebrity @apprenticenbc s task will separate the winners from the losers. @wolfrum: @goangelo remember when @realdonaldtrump was going to sue you? i can t sue him-my shirts and ties are doing great at macy s! most people think small because most people are afraid of success afraid of making decisions afraid of winning the art of the deal. amazing how the haters & losers keep tweeting the name f kface von clownstick like they are so original & like no one else is doing it... whats funny about the name f kface von clownstick -- it was not coined by jon leibowitz-- he stole it from some moron on twitter. if jon stewart is so above it all & legit why did he change his name from jonathan leibowitz? he should be proud of his heritage! jon stewart @thedailyshow is a total phony he should cherish his pastnot run from it. as ive said many times before jon stewart @thedailyshow is highly overrated. time magazine should name david pecker of american media to be its top guy...but they are not smart enough to do that! looking forward to being the guest of honor at @ralphreed s @faithandfreedom patriot s award gala dinner in washington dc. when written in chinese the word crisis is composed of two characters. one represents danger and the other represents opportunity. jfk. god never takes away something from your life without replacing it with something better. --rev. @billygraham. @nunosinaustin: @realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice tonight! final two? penn & little john that s my guess.. watch what happens9 p.m. enjoy celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 - a really great episode! @sincityvinnie: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice is the absolute best show on television. thanks! .@therealmarilu was very impressive and is a great person. the all star celebrity @apprenticenbc viewers loved her. the trump organization is honored to be expanding our interests into dubai. the golf course will be the top course in the middle east. .@lisarinna is the last lady standing in all star celebrity @apprenticenbc. watch out men shes sharp and tough. via @hometownlife: donald trump to speak at lincoln day dinner at the showplace in novi. benghazi was a massive cover up. now @ronwyden is also concerned about obamacare along with @maxbaucus program may fold through its own doing. success seems to be connected w action. successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don t quit. - conrad hilton. .@josecanseco who i got to know very well during #celebapprentice can t carry @shaq s jock. head of air force s anti-sexual assault unit arrested for sexual assault! it just seems that our country is not what it used to be. sexual assault and rape in the armed forces is a massive problem that nobody wants to talk about or do anything about-the big dark secret! 26000 sexual assaults or rapes reported in military last year-and that is just the number that is reported many do not want to report . @digitalpianoman: @realdonaldtrump you do more good just commenting on twitter than most haters do their whole lives. @opensezme: @realdonaldtrump and there s a move afoot to have women in combat arms if its happening now what do you think will happen then. keep wednesday morning free. you will want to see this! tired of being bullied by the economy? i m going to help people. wednesday 11 am at trump tower. the economy is broken. entrepreneurship is being suppressed. see what i do wednesday 11 am at trump tower atrium. my @foxandfriends int. on benghazi cover up the obamacare mess & firing @therealmarilu on @apprenticenbc. trump @doralresorts renovations are on schedule. with such a massive project underway i am watching closely. my @gretawire int. discussing business difficulties with obamacare & how it is stopping businesses from hiring. everyone join me tomorrow at 11 am in trump tower atrium. mistakes are always forgivable if one has the courage to admit them. -- bruce lee. @artlab: @realdonaldtrump still waiting for the apology on the birth certificate thing. you must be kidding joker! @tweestweets: @realdonaldtrump do people ever call you donny? yes. 26000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. what did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together? the generals and top military brass never wanted a mixer but were forced to do it by very dumb politicians who wanted to be politically c! @fresh entertain: @realdonaldtrump do you ever go to the isle of lewis? yes great place-my wonderful mother was born there! the jury in the jodi arias trial is believe it or not still out. you never know but such a long deliberation could be good for the defense. is it even slightly possible that jodi arias could be set free-wow what a miscarriage of justice that would be! @nickbrinley: @realdonaldtrump if they re unreported how do you know there s 26000 of them? reported tonight by all major newscasts. @troymoe1: @realdonaldtrump mark sanford just won his house seat back so maybe jodi can run against hillary in 2016. wow i love stimulating debate and driving certain people crazy-the generals were forced to do something they didn t want to do not me . @heaveenly: @realdonaldtrump how does it feel to have 2.1 million followers great-like owning the new york times without the lo es! . @bobkurlander thanks bob it is one of the best and will only get better-i will be spending lots of money this summer! @chrisharmswi thanks chris! @sherlock1313: .@realdonaldtrump is there nothing that u don t pretend to be an expert at? no absolutely nothing! @joshis: super happy to #unsubscribe @realdonaldtrump now that his asinine election antics are over. then don t talk do it asshole! @realsonnynewman thanks sonny! @valentino jimmy that s cool i agree! @suzmo816: @realdonaldtrump she could share an apartment with casey anthony! very witty but not very funny! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump any truth to the rumor you bought some of your 2.1mil followers? noi m too cheap! @jgarrett214: @realdonaldtrump you do realize that @apprenticenbc has raised millions for great charities right? #celebapprentice yes! @gdelag: @realdonaldtrump @rodmonium91 just ck how many followers have each follower. but i notice you follow loser-boredom without trump! @chriscjackson: @realdonaldtrump i m pretty sure your wife is cheating on you at this exact second. sorry no-one else can satisfy her! just watched jon stewart ? jumping up and down and screaming like a madman - nothing funny or smart just loud and obnoxious a pushy dope! @asmarks18: @realdonaldtrump i dont care for stewart but do you ever shut up? i never give up! @jgarrett214: @prayahater: @realdonaldtrump go on his show and teach him how its done! no joke writers. he is soft and easy. @markdrucker1: @realdonaldtrump i wish you d spend more time building people up rather than tearing them down. i only tear down losers. @calikal69: @realdonaldtrump what do you think of @billmaher? i don t think of bill maher - and nobody else does either. @rosannascotto: why are you giving away money this am @realdonaldtrump ? because so many people need help! @sportswalnuts and jon stewart ? is a very little man hiding behind lot s of high priced writers without which he would be nothing! i would absolutely kill jon stewart ? in a debate - it would be no contest - he s not fast enough or smart enough only obnoxious enough! . i m giving away money! 11am trump tower. be there or be left behind! residential capital a company in which warren buffett is involved went bankrupt - but that doesn t mean that warren buffett went bankrupt! people do not assume this but more than anything else i like helping people. be at trump tower at 11 am today. @abaldwin31 thanks. it s go time! see you at trump tower. i m giving money away! #fundanything. i gave away money. go to to see how i m helping people. #fundanything #entrepreneurs #giveback. what a great time we just had in the atrium of tump tower for the place was happy and packed! i just gave lots of money away at trump tower to people who needed it...they were very happy and appreciative! via @cnnmoney: donald trump gets into crowdfunding #fundanything. .@myfoxny discussing nypd chief kellys great record & the launch of the crowdfunding site. visit @fund anything at to see my picks! #fundanything. scary. our military is a using a chinese made satellite for north africa command communications. we continue to lose our nations finest in afghanistan almost daily. the rules of engagement are costing lives. i m giving away money- go to . take it from me! proud of the #fundanything team. never think of learning as a burden. it may require some discipline but it prepares you for a new beginning. think like a champion. what do you think about the push to put women into high intensity combat situations? sorry losers and haters but my i.q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! please don t feel so stupid or insecureit s not your fault. man we had a great day today at trump tower - lots of money was given to many people who really needed it - good feelings and happiness! @hotair25159: @realdonaldtrump lol.. justice for travis it shows that the legal system is still intact-good news! jodi thought she outsmarted the system - it didn t work! congratulations to the jury on a job well done! now will it be life or death? @njwinegeek: @realdonaldtrump but jon stewart has a much higher iq. wrong jon stewart ? is an obnoxious lightweight with a lower i.q. @2go2there: @realdonaldtrump remember that one time you came to @libertyu ? that was cool of you - thanks! i loved it - great school! @jeremypage3011 mark cuban can t beat me at anything. he is one of many on shark tank and apprentice has been a much much bigger show! @dlayphoto: @realdonaldtrump is that why youve filed for bankruptcy numerous times? i never filed for bankruptcy asshole! @menacesocietyut little jon stewart ? is getting his ass kicked and you and all of his high priced writers know it! don t panic jon. @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump mr trump do you support the death penalty? yes! @madamsuzette: @realdonaldtrump u were right jodi arias should have listened to u thanks but i m glad she didn t. @bagshotrow: @realdonaldtrump which internet test told you this i would like to match wits with the trumpster you wouldn t have a chance! a warren buffett corp. is currently ensnared in a bankruptcy. likewise icahn kravis apollo and many others have played the game.thanks! @joshrosenfield: .@realdonaldtrump and yet he refuses to release his iq results to the public. what are you hiding mr. trump. ask obama! @samflaherty : @realdonaldtrump i d bet my life savings obama has a higher iq than you you would lose! @chris nima: @realdonaldtrump would you rather have a 3rd obama term or make out with rosie?? i ll take the third term! sadly firing can be an essential and responsible business decision. it isn t pleasant but lopping off a branch can save a tree. the most important thing in communication is hearing what isn t said. - peter drucker. for all of the morons who have been complaining about my comment on sexual assault & rape in the military cont. i watched @todayshow this am re: @marthastewart & dating. she looks terrific better than ever any guy would be lucky to be with her. see my picks at @fund anything at and giving away money!!! #fundanything. .@limbaugh is right. watergate is much different than benghazi. no one died in watergate. dummy i m asking a question - look at the question mark at the end of the sentence! use your head. @jaybags9: @realdonaldtrump just been walking behind you boss! liking the golf course and hotel in general! #miami #doral will be great! @pennystocksblog you are 100 correct - thank you! @grtblankenship: @realdonaldtrump is definitely the best personality i follow on twitter. inspiration and role model all together! @feksbaby very nice thanks! whether you have someone managing your finances or you re doing it yourself money like anything takes maintenance & planning to grow. no investor would be stupid enough to pour their money into the bottomless vattenfall pit. they totally gave up. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. - albert einstein. leightweight @lord sugar virtually begged my reps to have me stop mocking him. every time this dope goes on apprentice i make money-too easy. @ocamericans: i only watch @nbc once a week to watch @realdonaldtrump s apprentice. great! just left trump national doral in miami - under massive construction - the blue monster will be one of the greatest courses ever built! @jshawknz: the only thing i ever watch on tv is @realdonaldtrump s all star celebrity apprentice. #truestory. @m plem: @realdonaldtrump @lord do you ever take the high road? when i m dealing with garbage like @lord sugar no! @chef riggy i never endorsed judd - i m with senator mitch all the way! @guerrillatycoon not even close - he is just as you know a very bad copy who i profit from . @doralaquatics: @realdonaldtrump woohoo! have lived in doral for 14 years and city is excited for trump upgrades! welcome! thanks! @maxvayner stewart ? wouldn t have even a little chance in a debate with me. he s totally overrated - not fast enough or smart enough! @caaataclysm little jon stewart ? is a pussy he would be hopeless in a debate with me! @maxvayner your man little jon s ? can t win he s not smart enough or quick enough! @nieldi @lord sugar can t get himself arrested-but at least he s making me money-keep begging sugar you dog! @patti0713 thanks patti. @durantrandy: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump some of these losers just don t get it. they need to look at why your on top. @lennydopkin i have not run it for many years i sold it a long time ago great deal great timing . when i owned it a top place! @brianlynch @durantrandy thanks no wonder our country is in such trouble! @mcuban is a short ball hitter who had a massive failure on television the benefactor. now he is one of many on a modest ratings show s t. the apprentice on the other hand has been a major television hit often times finishing #1. even now after 13 seasons it wins its slot! @african11 but i love insulting people who don t have the goods but think they do! the success of shark tank over the years is a total joke compared to the success of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in t.v. history. @lord sugar can t hold a.candle to donald.trump - he is a laughing stock in great britain but his show pays me lots of money so i m happy. @mikeluis93 mark cuban is a bully who is physically very soft and therefore should immediately stop wearing t shirts. no strength! @therealryanmatt: @realdonaldtrump i never seen apprentice or shark tank am i a fat loser? no just a loser! @persvanstrom based on your picture i can see why - you look lost and in need of a cheap lifeline. @damiranz: @realdonaldtrump i m a big fan but sometimes you just need to shut upyou talk too much probably true but i m having fun! @seanheilweil: @realdonaldtrump damn you really like getting @mcuban fired up to squash you like a bug huh? he doesn t have the strength! @wvucheme: @realdonaldtrump the real shark tank is the boardroom on @apprenticenbc ! @j4k9flatley: @realdonaldtrump i have turned family and friends into #apprentice fans. nothing better. @leebandoni: @realdonaldtrump time for you to instruct the bbc to replace him he has the personality of a tea bag. @chris l54: @realdonaldtrump @mcuban hadn t even heard of the benefactor til donald mentioned it. big fail.. donald wins the tv war. @jwalkerkid: @realdonaldtrump you win on tv shows hands down you are a successful person ...... i love all the shows u have come up with. @qfivefarms thanks and true! @chris l54 thanks chris - they know the real facts but don t choose to use them-very dishonest! @tonychalk1: @realdonaldtrump is a role model for how to be successful. i ve been a fan since art of the deal came out in paperback. @71kristine: @realdonaldtrump thank you for fund anything mr. trump you know how to help people in all the right ways. with hope. @samahdanash: every time i read a chapter it gives me a push and brings positive energy to my life. think big @realdonaldtrump. @samahdanash: think big is the most amazing book i have ever read. @realdonaldtrump. @chris l54: @sportsguru77 @tweetontilt @realdonaldtrump @mcuban if you real art of the deal you d know that donald did it all on his own. @matthewsmales1: @realdonaldtrump is a great american a role model to many read all of his books been a fan since he was in wwe a great guy. @philipmorrow that would be great philip! @brock2120: @sethmeyers your first guest has to be @realdonaldtrump. would be epic! first guest for what? watching @tigerwoods on nbc playing great golf. tiger won the wgc cadillac championship at trump national doral this year. i love tiger! @royschuhmacher: @samahdanash i own a fitness business all over the the bay area on ca. so @realdonaldtrump has been a huge motivator. @royschuhmacher thanks! two people fired very early on celebrity apprentice tonight at 9 leading up to next weeks live finale. don t get angry at me tonight! you will love celebrity apprentice tonight - 9 pm on nbc. must watch from beginning - two early firings! @cunninghamny: . @realdonaldtrump clearly needs to run for president! don t think anyone else can get us on the right track but him! @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump please say it isn t so and apprentice is not cancelled thanks and sleep well tonight! @leechsam thanks sam and it s doing great! @scienceinvestme: @realdonaldtrump hows this 4 gratitude 4saving their neck?kuwait airways 2 spend near 3b on 25 airbus jets. @crcalderwood1: @realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on sergio? a great guy! i am pleased to inform you that celebrity apprentice has been renewed for another season by nbc. see you at the nbc upfronts tomorrow. @dmurkowitz: best part of my monday morning commute @realdonaldtrump on @foxandfriends thanks david! @pellman11: @realdonaldtrump my mother has such a crush on you. she beat breast cancer this past year. can i request a rt for my hero.love. @steveprecision1 have fun #1. @tigerwoods great playing you are the best! @barontoutenberg: @realdonaldtrump donald would you ever appear as a guest if asked on #redeye @redeyefnc with @greggutfeld ???? yes. my @foxandfriends int. on irs targeting tea party the benghazi death scandal & @traceadkins v. @pennjillette finale. never judge someone by their job title. youd be surprised at the talents people can have. midas touch. .@lisarinna did amazing on #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc. raising over 505k for @stjude she made it to the final four. congrats lisa. .@liljon once again made it to the final four. a true talent and great friend to #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc. great job! benghazi. obama lied. our people died. @karlthemarx: @realdonaldtrump: i have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke. @hankdhaney: @realdonaldtrump it s great to have u in the game of golf ur courses r all great first class operations in great condition. 32 in new york - it s freezing! where the hell is global warming when you need it? .@trumpnationalny is ny s best golf club. a 5 star diamond award winner w an elite golf course & top facilities. this sundays live finale of @apprenticenbc puts @pennjillette against @traceadkins. watch two great competitors battle to win! circumstances are beyond human control but our conduct is in our own power. -- benjamin disraeli. not since watergate have we been going thru a time like this--benghazi irs wiretapping of @ap... success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - winston churchill. @arel714: @realdonaldtrump just went on a donald j trump necktie buying spree. fantastic quality and design. at macy s and thanks! @byron400: rt @jsavino16 @realdonaldtrump played trump national in los angeles yesterday. what an amazing place. thanks! @andybarovick really terrible and a sad day for our country! i totally respect that angelina jolie has shown such great bravery in the face of danger - she has really come a long and positive way! the lady in chicago that i m fighting owes me 500 000 and is sophisticated & vicious. she made up a story & plays the age card - bad! @nyc bos: @realdonaldtrump - when are you going to announce your bid for 2016?? thanks for your nice thoughts-our country is a mess! @usmanchodry: i never get y people hate @realdonaldtrump so much?coz they r not as succesful as him? #trump #theapprentice thanks m! the three political disasters could lead to a major and complete political meltdown! @kilobunch: @realdonaldtrump much respect but you are the most sophisticated and vicious sob out there. and i think you re great! wow! @jake clegg81: @realdonaldtrump is the man! @theapprentice9 is the best show on tv! thanks! i wonder what the next scandal will be in d.c.? can we handle yet another? @a beil thanks andrew. @jsalzinger: @realdonaldtrump saw some of your testimony today you ran circles around the prosecutor! thanks. @birchtrees47: @realdonaldtrump cause there wouldn t be any scandals if you were in office.. true-and no stupidity! @swayneonmain: @realdonaldtrump and how many people died on bush and cheneys watch? talk about that. i was never a fan lots of mistakes. @polotodd804 this is one of the worst made and inaccurate documentaries i have ever seen. filmmaker mike tollin has zero talent.also-boring. @roddy brown thanks! @sarah bales1 true and thanks. @jared808 @commonguymd @ap true! if these scandals happened before the election obama could not have won. obama & his people did a brilliant job of delaying these scandals until after the election. mitt must be going wild thinking about it! @mikefromtn @mcuban @jeremypage3011 thanks michael. @janet carswell @samflaherty thanks. @donna 1004 perhaps so! @tbott22 very true! @brianspurr not too many around! @corte74 it helped! @billingsley29 do what you love work hard keep your focus and your momentum intact. good luck! legendary illusionist v. country music star. this sundays live finale of @apprenticenbc is a historic matchup. must see tv! to be a big success in any field you need to build momentum. momentum is all about energy and timing. - think big. its always great to be in business with donald trump said @telemundo president emilio romano. obamacare is already done. hhs sec. sebelius is trying to force private companies to finance implementation. the most terrifying words in the english language are: i m from the government and i m here to help. pres. ronald reagan. @anubisjudge happy birthday! @dylmyr go for it. .@trumpgolfla public golf course features spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views an elite attraction. @a beil thanks andrew! @mzinvestigator: great way to almost end the week. tv night on the deck with my fav simply red trump wine @trumpwinery @erictrump true! @chrishansen good to see you also - i will be watching! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump is that zuker character still giving u a hard time? he isn t qualified to shine your shoes! another dope! looks like we will have a pervert running for mayor after all - just what new york city needs - and he will revert back to form always do! @ricksmi54256322: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait til ur president the world will be a better place if i ran and won so true & thanks ! @joeypiazza way less - and you are soooo stupid! @blakemharris but they are the folks i like the best - by far! @lcbeaudoin big second amendment believer but background checks to weed out the sicko s are fine. @mikemessina : @realdonaldtrump needs to run for president! he would be the best leader! thanks mike. @ meagann: and @realdonaldtrump reminds me of my grandpa -the smartest man i know. wow great! @chrisleahey1: @realdonaldtrump do you see president obama surviving these scandals ? sadly yes but he will never be the same! @ahatwearer: @realdonaldtrump why are you suing an old lady? because she is rich and owes me money - i am not stupid! @jakeklopp24: @realdonaldtrump what s it like to be donald trump? believe it or not it ain t easy! @icyjordan: @realdonaldtrump do you like lebron as a player and person? @kingjames lebron is a great player and a great guy! america s top army general has warned of a crisis unless sexual abuse in the military is quickly brought undet control.forces greatly hurt! army officer who led a sexual abuse prevention unit was just fired after being charged with violently going after his wife.what is going on? general says that the armed forces will be severely weakened if the large scale rape and sexual abuse problem is not brought under control. many generals and military leaders are now saying i told you so! they say this will have big impact on military strength & national sec. our very stupidly run country better stop being so politically correct or we won t have a country to run anymore! i was never a fan of bush 2 for many reasons including the fact that we should never have gone into iraq but once there kept the oil! dumb. unfortunately with some men when the poison kicks in not me of course there are no rules or guidelines in the military that will stop them. in other words our military has a very big problem! @dstrick44: @realdonaldtrump @ricksmi54256322 you did run. and you had your ass handed you. never ran stupid but i wish i had-would have w. celebrity apprentice will be live on sunday at 9 pm from new york city .casting has already begun for next season. @funnsylvania: when is @realdonaldtrump going to finally get his own talk show? he would absolutely destroy the competition! thanks-time! @ccv77 thanks very nice. congratulations to my friend @seanhannity on @hannityshow 1000th show consecutively #1 in his time slot! great going! .@nymag is a piece of garbage but i think it is very nice & charitable that they employ the no-talent illiterate hack @jonathanchait. just inall efforts to stop sexual abuse in the military have totally failedin fact the stoppers have become the abusers. the sexual abuse that is so rampant has according to generals greatly weakened our military. they have failed to stop it. people love @liljon! #celebapprentice. this sundays live finale of @apprenticenbc will be tough & nasty. be sure to watch @pennjillette & @traceadkins fight to the finish! enviro friendly? ap impact: obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles birds despite federal laws. the live finale of @apprenticenbc is this sunday at 9 8c. watch and see who will be the first ever all-star celebrity apprentice. who do you like of the final two? #celebapprentice. why didn t president obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense! the two marines looked very uncomfortable-& wet. i m watching knicks game-i d bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad too late! @piersmorgan: bob costas is one of the smartest people i ve interviewed. #cnn but you told me i was the smartest by far ! @omegaphoenix068 rather amazing wasn t it! @sirmiestro: s o to my man @realdonaldtrump ....#salute thanks mike. @jedediahbila tell your aunt she is terrific! @dslagle132: @realdonaldtrump there should be an all star nba no-tattoo team....would there be anyone available? @carlyvowell tell your friends son - you re fired tumor! @sally lawson: @realdonaldtrump love the phrase the harder i work the luckier i get great book donald. @ozziemae: @realdonaldtrump i love that you speak whatever s on your mind. that is true courage. living your truth. @casshorowitz: @realdonaldtrump im from england and you re way better then that alan sugar...whoever he is. @subhana anwar it s easy just think of haters as losers with.little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy! @sarahluvnyc thanks. sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and i know he works for me! @craigheff i don t he makes me money! @workplayeat thanks only the haters disagree! @grege iom. only in your weak mind! @toddfouche1 on that i would beat almost everyone! @john candy : @realdonaldtrump shut up he s a lord what are you ? i ve always heard that titles can be easily bought-is this so? @danielrsimoes: @realdonaldtrump here in brazil we set up a group to see the final of the apprentice live. hug and more success for you. @lord sugar much more than anybody knows dopey much more - and it will soon be revealed in detail. @leebandoni thanks lee! how badly will the country be hurt by the three scandals and the very poor implementation and cost of obama care? just left the set of the apprentice - the live show tonight will be fantastic - and something very big and very different is going to happen. @carodimo: @realdonaldtrump give us an anticipation of it please.! veni vidi vici.! you must see what happens at the very beginniing 9pm. @bvmike: @realdonaldtrump something big and different tonight? are you going to fire penn and trace crown yourself the apprentice? @rebaforever58 yes. the cast for next season looks really good! @redcoat overkil: @realdonaldtrump but his hair is real! so is mine asshole! @subirchowdhury how are you - 5.5 million a bargain . ivanka and joan rivers will be working hard tonight at the live finale - everybody must watch the opening at 9. @kingofgames3000: @realdonaldtrump the baddest boss on the planet taking no bs from anybody gotta hand it to you the real estate king cute. @inamaziarcz obama put up nothing zilch! @debbiecraig817: @realdonaldtrump #best show hard too top thanks. @j cohl: i m kinda hoping that @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump become the first father-daughter us president duo in american history cute. @thatchers child: @piersmorgan @traceadkins @pennjillette @realdonaldtrump... and much better than @lord sugar s show! true & thanks. @bigicedaddy: @realdonaldtrump congratulations mr. trump on the best celebrity apprentice yet. you did a remarkable job as always. thsnks. last night s live show was so much fun. congrats to the entire cast they are all winners! from beginning over 13 million for charity. i love that in addition to everything else so much money is raised for such great causes on celebrity apprentice-all proud of that! will be doing fox & friends at 7 a.m. it never ends hopefully ! @lisaloren11: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump amazing show! much laughter and tears of joy! thank you. @reneliannation: @realdonaldtrump best moment of night when u gave 100 grand to lil john s charity. @lovatomj: not gonna lie teared up a little when @realdonaldtrump gave 100k to @liljon for his charity. @mssamanatha: @realdonaldtrump sir you just made me cry when you gave @liljon that 100000 that is why u rock! thanks the show was fun! @gregvineyard1: @realdonaldtrump wonderful gesture to lil jon best celeb apprentice yet! thanks for a great show mr. trump! thanks. @zp 3: @realdonaldtrump your tweets are awesome and an inspiration. #trump2016 thanks. @borich1970: @realdonaldtrump congrats on raising 13 million total for charity. best live finale ever!! looking forward to next season. @mr al 131: was glued to@apprenticenbc all season one of my favourites @realdonaldtrump great ending amazing show! thx sir. thank you. @psthaler: @realdonaldtrump dont agree with your politics but respect your heart. great gift to lil john. well done sir. i undetstand t. @pcornibe: @realdonaldtrump you are a genuine compassionate man. loved the show last night. thanks peggy. @ligal629: @realdonaldtrump @mr al 131 was a great show best yet congrats. @johnmkelly1: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on a great show & season! it is wonderful how much money was raised for charities. @13crazyjwd: @realdonaldtrump still in awe of what u did for lil jon !!! best night of good tv in years!!! god bless. @divermam: @realdonaldtrump i just saw the finale. your act of kindness was total class. i ve been a fan but i now love you mr. trump. @beverly buck great enjoy the hotel. @itsyknowsbest thanks! .@melaniatrump @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr & i thank our loyal fans for another great season of @apprenticenbc! @liljon @amdiabetesassn it was my honor you re a great guy & your mother would be very proud of you. @holly looya @divermam ok. ben--congratulations on your graduation--and good luck! @denicarter very nice denise thank you. @y0landariggins thanks. @cous13 thanks. @dave twit29 thanks dave. .@traceadkins- the winner of @apprenticenbc after last night s victory-. everyone should go see @hatingbreitbart. great documentary showcasing @andrewbreitbarts legacy. we may get out of obamacare because the train wreck is impossible to implement it is a disaster. @cassandraj0y @liljon thank you. @nic keller @liljon thanks. excited to speak at tomorrow night s @ocrp lincoln day dinner in michigan all time sales record over 2000. because of the tornado tragedy i will not be doing @piersmorgan tonight. i wish everyone well! good timing: @traceadkins won big for american red cross last night on @apprenticenbc. now the red cross is in oklahoma doing a great job. @bettyblopper1: the standing o that liljon received when @realdonaldtrump gave his charity 100k was so moving. love celebrity apprentice! @jessicacarwile: @realdonaldtrump @traceadkins. we are so grateful for the red cross in ok today!! thank you to trace and to mr. trump! @lildarling928: @realdonaldtrump @traceadkins @apprenticenbc such great things have come from this show-see it working in okc #redcross. @boyddee: @realdonaldtrump thank you for hosting celebapp to raise for charities like @redcross working in ok now. kudos 2 @traceadkins. @kingbowzer: @realdonaldtrump you re a huge douche for picking penn. i hope you retweet this. i picked trace not penn - are you drugged. @dennisrodman @apprenticenbc dennis--you were great--thanks! @christinefox02 see you later. @van in dc @dannyzuker thanks van--so true. @jilltoma hi amy see you soon. shock - obama wh given three pinocchios for lying about benghazi emails. isnt it amazing that obama never knew about the irs scandals until he saw it in the news?! very sad that republican donors were targeted by obamas irs. one season ends and another starts. already casting for the next @apprenticenbc. great news for charity-- 13 million so far. @emtgonenutz thanks tanja. the lincoln day dinner last night in michigan was fantastic. record attendance and tremendous enthusiasm- i loved it! ...... circulation is way down and all he thinks about are his bad food restaurants. @condenastcorp. i can t believe @vanityfair would renew graydon carter s contract...... graydon carter is laughing at the stupidity of chuck townsend on his contract renewal--- even he doesn t believe it! @condenastcorp. amazingly @anthonyweiner is going to run. the cure rate for his problem is 0. lots of other things will come out. jodi arias jury is having a hard time with the death penalty-judge just sent them back for further deliberatuon. . @newsmax media is one of the top media outlets in the country. @chrisruddynmx has revolutionized political commentary and reporting. use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you strong - think big. via @theoaklandpress donald trump speaks in novi michigan draws record-breaking crowd. via @advisorsource: donald trump speaks in novi drawing largest crowd in oakland county republican party s history. if the great si newhouse were still running @condenastcorp he would fire graydon carter immediately- circulation tanking. .@vanityfair could come back if graydon carter paid as much attention as he does to his bad food restaurants. @condenastcorp. pervert anthony wiener will never be able to get away from his perversion-the cure rate is zero. @dawniedeee hello dawn. trust yourself. create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - golda meir. @krissysummers88: @realdonaldtrump @theoaklandpress awesome! i m from michigan.thanks-the crowd was great and i loved making that speech! @mikepassmore so true mike. @mikepassmore: big mistake! wrong decision by @lord sugar in #theapprentice - you need to take advice from @realdonaldtrump. @thegypsysons: @realdonaldtrump awesome donald you rule! thanks i loved being in michigan! @rassilonsarmy not even close dummy he is strictly small time. @markwonderful sorry graydon carter is a major loser just ask his wife! @aboubacarmande: @realdonaldtrump courage big boss always! @donaldrumsfeld9: @realdonaldtrump @vanityfair @condenastcorp i hate those non food restaurants! graydon s food sucks worst in town! @tubby511 they are dummies! @djloopsfruit that s because i know him-he s a lowlife! @markeaston777 keep figthing don t let the windfarms destroy your property and life! scotland is having a virtual revolt over obsolete wind turbines which are driving up energy costs and killing the bird population and more. @dmacduff11: @realdonaldtrump what do you think of mac miller? went platinum with donald trump song 80 million hits without my approval! @bluejoni: @realdonaldtrump the scots love their wind power. no they hate that it is ruining their land which it is . @chrisinspfld: @realdonaldtrump your books and your record is an inspiration to think bigger and do more. thanks chris:-. @freesprite2: @realdonaldtrump @bluejoni like your golf course which they fought tooth and nail! and it s setting records thanks! @gurning chimp: @realdonaldtrump @bluejoni no you hate wind power as you think it ll mess with your golf course. that s true also! @jeff lip: @realdonaldtrump what s your beef with stevie wynn? i have none he is a friend of mine! @realcoachhodge: @realdonaldtrump has a much higher iq than idiot john stewart that s true and by a lot. @mattcyr2312: @realdonaldtrump @gurning chimp @bluejoni wind power is inefficient and a hazard to the environment. @sunnyjl52 true. @youarenotdeep: @realdonaldtrump thanks professor trump. dr john trump uncle for many years at m.i.t. -good genes i get it! @sanfangas: @realdonaldtrump apparently you think you re funnier as well.@realcoachhodge actually i do and i don t have writers! @mc21701: @realdonaldtrump @jeff lip is it true that it was your idea for steve to name his company wynn or is that urban legend? i helped. @libbygaj: @realdonaldtrump please run for president in 2016 i will vote for you hands down our country needs help and fast! @gshuba: @realdonaldtrump windmills not worth the trouble. worse for the planet than oil carbon et al. true! @asaadhutchinson: @realdonaldtrump how do you deal with haters? laugh at them! @jcaavs: @realdonaldtrump as a 16 year old who can vote in 2016 i d love to make u my 1st vote. run for president! so cute and nice. @baker772: @realdonaldtrump what a great hotel!! i have stayed there twice love it more and more every time. @leeboggs: @realdonaldtrump turbines in us have killed many bald eagles w o penalities. @a380jet: @realdonaldtrump anthony wiener couldn t pass a background check to be a police officer what makes him qualified to be mayor??? @mrwalrusq: @moronwatch here ya go. @gshuba: @realdonaldtrump windmills not worth the trouble. worse for the planet than oil carbon. @pourquoipas20 happy birthday! @realsonnynewman pay attention and have fun. @kenkelly08kelly thanks i had a great time. i very much appreciate all of the great reviews & comments on my speech in michigan--the people were great. take a sneak peek into one of trump park avenue s most exclusive residences on the market-. it s important to remain open to new ideas and new information. keep your door open every day to something innovative and energizing. @chris mcnall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on win in chicago today. thank you this woman played the age card and made up a story. the so called 87 year old lady was a vicious and skilled investor who was trying to rip me off with made up facts and a blowhard lawyer. jury was unanimous after hearing the made up case against my co. filed many years ago she.and her pathetic lawyer should pay me big damages. i loved beating these two terrible human beings. i would never recommend that anyone use her lawyer he is a total loser! @darjar14: @realdonaldtrump congrats mr. trump. frivolous lawsuits are a big problem in this country and issue should be addressed. @sonnset: @forq2 @realdonaldtrump she should sue her attorneys they knew she wasn t going to win with a binding contract. @poemtrees: counter sue for your loss of time if you want but it might be easier to let it go glad you won.. and had justice. @warrencasselljr: @realdonaldtrump i agree! she tried to ruin the good old trump brand! you can not let her get away with it. true! @forq2: @realdonaldtrump she trusted you her mistake you beat her out of her 500k she was mean and trusted no-one. you re easy to beat! @truthisthat1: @forq2 @arseburgers @realdonaldtrump you are powerless online and powerless in real life why do you follow.me moron! @johns81366: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump even though i m not a republican i wrote your name on my ballot during the election. a wise move. @randyrolph: @realdonaldtrump shelly kulwin says your a lyin dog mr. trump. shelly kulwin is a really bad lawyer who lost big today fool. @pattyochs: @realdonaldtrump why people who are your haters feel they have to talk to you or follow you? they are sick and mentally weak! @jgy777ph thanks joannah they are sad and lost people. @dietztrott thanks--and great job david--what a great evening. @vanityfair read this & you will understand why vanity fair is going down the tubes. @paul1994loan thanks. @arkielad in addition to ripping me off. @richardroeper yes you can t allow people to scam you & rip you off. @susiebeatrice1 @leeboggs true they are being decimated. @sennandy: @realdonaldtrump what a great wave you ride. without people like you the world would be years behind where we are. thank you! @benbradleyabc7 true! @rossweidner thank you! i think. @triggerracing that sounds great--a bad woman. thank you for all of the positive response on my chicago lawsuit victory yesterday. most of you saw through the phony age card ploy. mrs. goldberg who filed the chicago case many years ago is a vicious and conniving woman--loved beating her. let s see whether or not chuck townsend @condenastcorp is smart enough to fire graydon carter who only cares about his bad food restaurants. @resplatt123 thanks. @tishalewis thanks. wh counsel met with irs lawyer 3x in 2012 once in september but obama just learned through news reports? memorial day is a time to honor our nation s finest who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. god bless them all. must read article by @emilymiller: anthony weiner is a twit who treats women like dirt. looking forward to being guest of honor at @ralphreed s @ffcoalition patriot gala dinner on june 14th in dc. flag day and my birthday. if i d started in business thinking i knew everything i d have been sunk before i got started. - think like a champion. in your planning know how much risk you can take. evaluate whether the returns will be worth the risk. @buseyfoundation @thegarybusey thanks gary it was great having you on the show may your foundation spend the money well. via @suntimes: trump wins at trial calls woman suing him horrible human being. people do business with those people they like and trust. - ralph j. roberts founder of comcast. @eawiii: @realdonaldtrump it will make my 3 day weekend to get a tweet from the greatest businessman the world has seen! great weekend! the biggest business people have used the bankruptcy laws to their advantage-warren b icahn kravis and this week john paulson-for haters! great investor john paulson just sought bankruptcy protection for a unit of his hedge fund-very smart-but he didn t go bankrupt you morons! @jojo81466: @realdonaldtrump born on flag day?? see you were meant to be president!! i guess that s.right! @congressgent: @realdonaldtrump is one of the greatest businessmen to ever live. it is impossible to think otherwise. very nice thanks! @jimmydevito thanks jimmy. @hatchetwounds totally wrong dopey. @dam615: @realdonaldtrump yes you re a republican and smart. now that s what we need to run this country! we sure need better than current. @capitalcashco: @realdonaldtrump @jojo81466 please make it happen let us help you win! thanks! @forq2 you re nuts go get a job. @brandongersh: @realdonaldtrump why did you go to wharton did you not get into harvard? wharton is better for business than harvard! @m a f: @realdonaldtrump thank you for all you do for the #troops! may god bless all of our #veterans this memorial day! thanks. @a11 seeing eye: @realdonaldtrump @dam615 does an iq of 60 count as being smart? no sadly you are very dumb-but probably born that way. @forq2 are you making less than minimum wage don t worry the government will protect you. afraid to give your real name? you should be. @maasmaaswhatup: nobody does the twitter thing quite like @realdonaldtrump. that man engages his critics like nobody i ve seen before. t. @thejuice59101 i do thanks. @julesmattsson wrong totally proved my case but didn t get damages because the libel laws in this country suck! @barrielouise: lol. what is going on @forq2 ? why is @realdonaldtrump threatening you? he s afraid to use his real name-too costly! it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification when tweeting - they will no longer be so brave! @danrpriest: @realdonaldtrump just out of curiosity what makes you care so much about what they think? i study cowards and stupid people. @aaronrupe33: @realdonaldtrump no ones scared of you donald you are very wrong! @twitt be cray: @realdonaldtrump go fuck yourself you dumb fuck when was the last time you had a date-such terrible language & picture . i was just told by a television pro thay @dannyzucker is one of the truly dumbest guys in the business-he s obsessed with t-so many flops! i never heard of @dannyzucker until his very dumb and endless tweets started pouring out of insecure mind-but i have a great deal for him! @lukewsavage and dumb people like @dannyzucker. @dannyzucker are you ready for the deal? @gingram66 wrong! @dannyzuker: @realdonaldtrump @dannyzucker it s @dannyzuker. as i said i ve never heard of you before! @dannyzuker are you ready for the deal? just got final renderings of trump national doral in miami - there will be nothing like it in the country will be the best! @ericleebow five great golf courses with the new blue monster currrently under construction! i know you don t like to hear this @dannyzuker but the biggest nights of the apprentice were far bigger than the biggest nights of mod fam. @dannyzuker another racist remark by you danny are you a racist? @dannyzuker bigger means bigger dummy you really are stupid aren t you! @dannyzuker come on danny are u afraid of the deal be careful i m really good at deals . remember @dannyzuker you are not even the real boss of modern family - no big s for you! no @dannyzuker just the opposite lots of money can go to charity if you have the guts to play the game deal ! @dannyzuker @andyrichter danny you re not having fun you are getting your ass kicked - afraid to make the deal? @dannyzuker i hope you pick up a lot of twitter followers by this so people can see what a total asshole you are! no @dannyzuker it s making you crazy because you don t have the guts to play the game. come on danny you can do it! hope everyone is watching the finale rerun of celebrity apprentice on cnbc-especially the haters and losers! it is on right now. @germany28364: @realdonaldtrump you are awesome! run for president. well we sure do need someone to lead - washington is a mess! @dannyzuker everyone is saying you are being beaten badly at this game but you can turn things around quickly if you will go for the deal. @jefferies : @realdonaldtrump watching the finale. can t wait for the next season. #trumprules thanks and enjoy. @kevinsmoore: @realdonaldtrump says exactly what he thinks. lol this is one of the reasons i follow this man! he s the best! thanks k. @erinamunson: @realdonaldtrump sir we need an efficient government and i m sure as a businessman you re great at it . true! @biglakeshow: @realdonaldtrump @germany28364 i m all for #donald trump thanks he is easy! @pusspuss09 thanks country is in trouble. @kosstar: @dannyzuker @realdonaldtrump did we ever get to the details of the deal ? no danny doesn t have the guts to play the game. @therealkurse thank you i was dealing with a very bad person! @sirenasola: @realdonaldtrump the pres needs some help...can you teach him the words you re fired! ? @pennjillette: @lemrmike yes i loved loved loved doing @realdonaldtrump show. i loved it all every minute. i d do it again. @dannyzuker is a weak and ineffective guy with a long string of failed shows who got his ass kicked last night.he s afraid to make the wager. the lawyer i just beat in chicago was a buffoon but was a lot smarter and sharper than @dannyzuker. come on danny make the bet! if @dannyzuker competed against me and.won which not too many people do he could win millions of s for himself or his charity! come on @dannyzuker take the bet show your friends and family & your bosses on modern family that you re not chicken shit. @gavincoffin: @realdonaldtrump ca is the best i rather loose my inheritance then have to watch the dreadful modern family on abc @dannyzuk. @generalzod4109: @realdonaldtrump : bill mahr beat you clown! wrong bill whose last name you spelled wrong doesn t know he s alive! @j beans51: @realdonaldtrump who is @dannyzuker ? actually a nobody! @matteo5anchez: @realdonaldtrump shut up u stuck up cock! hope u lose ur cash and get run over too smart to lose the cash-run over maybe. @rustinniles just killing time! @dannyzuker: @andyrichter i have to be honest. i think i m starting not to like the guy. actually danny you would like me very much! sorry folks got to go to work now - but i ll be baaaaack ! @dominicformaro: @realdonaldtrump it s hilarious to see all these dumbasses hating on you. i bet it feels good to laugh at them. @crimmsnchin: @realdonaldtrump donald doesn t take shit from anyone run for president already #america interesting! @torresterrell: @realdonaldtrump whoa.....what are they so mad about? #keepcalm don t worry it s just the same old losers and haters! @bvogel56 i never went bankrupt - just like buffett icahn kravis and paulson - as you know! @rustinniles: @realdonaldtrump i hear ya mr. trump but arguing with the left is like punching yourself in the face a pointless endeavor. @dannyzuker: .@realdonaldtrump i ll never respond to your asinine bet. you re gutless danny and you don t even know what the bet is-loser! @chixbeach: @realdonaldtrump @matteo5anchez mr trump why do you engage these dumb ass people? you re so much better then any of them! fun! @allidoisowen thanks! @koneslager: @realdonaldtrump during your inaugural address tell obama you re fired! stranger things have happened! @maxvayner: @realdonaldtrump ? do you have the guts to debate jon stewart? he would never do it he couldn t use his writers. @leahanddean: @realdonaldtrump @kosstar @dannyzuker mr trump for president thanks d. @raybongz: rt @realdonaldtrump: it should be mandatory that all haters and losers use their real name or identification. say it again! @sirenasola: @realdonaldtrump the pres needs some help...can you teach him the words you re fired! ? he will be using them often & soon! @nandini godara: @realdonaldtrump real name real dp real location. bring it. but nobody cares about you not even your family! @captainapathyuk: enjoying reading @dannyzuker knocking the shit out of @realdonaldtrump. sorry hater he s getting his ass kicked! @starsign911: @realdonaldtrump you tell em donny!! what pussies!! @jeffbirotweets: thoroughly enjoyed watching @realdonaldtrump and @dannyzuker twitter fight. at least danny has the better hair. he s bald! @pennjillette: @ctwilki @realdonaldtrump well thanks so much. penn it was great having you terrific job! @paulysouffle: i have to admit @realdonaldtrump motivates the hell out of me. #smallbiz #leader that s great go get em! @dannyzuker on your best day you can t come close to beating me i ll kick your ass every time-take the bet danny check with m.f. boss . @realsonnynewman: @realdonaldtrump wins @dannyzuker is afraid of you and knows he is a pathetic loser. mr. trump you are a role model. @satyronline: @realdonaldtrump let me ask you something: do you think henry ford or steve jobs got into twitter pissing matches. would have. @0unicornchris0: @realdonaldtrump please please run for president well it ain t working with obama! @jimhendley81: @realdonaldtrump hey donald i always find it funny that so many of your haters follow you on twitter. can t live without me! @canvasguru: lol! rt @martintagg: .@realdonaldtrump you ve been popular with ladies for a while. what s your secret handsome? my hair! @pdgreenwood: @realdonaldtrump you are kicking ass donald! that dany zilker some no namer is a punk! he s nothing no guts! @juicetucker: @realdonaldtrump give them hell don! they re just jealous! stupid is an even better word. @moosejawnski: @realdonaldtrump bring cash jobs and hope back to america and run for president!! not much hope in our country right now. @mikemccabesad: @realdonaldtrump @dannyzuker the fact that you keep tweeting at him is showing why you lost true danny is a known loser! @itsjenwbitches: people can hate on @realdonaldtrump all they want but in reality he s flying his jet over your fucking house as you tweet. @teresaisthebest: @itsjenwbitches @realdonaldtrump i love you. you are hilarious. but what about @dannyzuker he gets paid to be funny? @billyharry1: @realdonaldtrump they do the same with @howardstern. @dannyzuker can t carry howard s jock! @fashionistabtch: give it up haters @realdonaldtrump has @melaniatrump #theend #perfection. @thatbrody: @realdonaldtrump @billyharry1 @howardstern @dannyzuker donald will always be one of howard s greatest guests. so true! it s freezing outside where the hell is global warming ?? nation s infrastructure is collapsing make america great again! @cristaly: @realdonaldtrump you re the worst person thank you! @thatbrody: @realdonaldtrump the @sternshow would never have @dannyzuker on. a. not funny enough. b. not famous enough. c hates losers. @djbtv: i hope you folks are following @dannyzuker this weekend as he dismantles @realdonaldtrump. friend of danny sorry he died! @dannyzuker: ok gotta go. you re not going anywhere danny you re being beaten so badly that you can t take it anymore-enjoy your chair! see dummy danny zuker who i never heard until this started something that he couldn t finish-gutless and unwilling to take my bet! @oldmanconroy: it s called climate change . no they changed it to climate change when global warming wasn t working anymore-too cold! @swanky hec: @realdonaldtrump: nation s infrastructure is collapsing make america great again! make d move. @sonaderi: @realdonaldtrump you are the sum of everything i despise. who cares! @chrisinspfld: @realdonaldtrump if you would run for president you will either fix this country or have millions wishing they d ve voted4u. @msaid10: @realdonaldtrump you re a role model to millions we love you mr. trump thanks mohamed. @stshizzle: i sure wished @ac360 would do a live tweet for tweet special on @dannyzuker and @realdonaldtrump. they would get better ratings. @fabianross : @realdonaldtrump you think america will be great again? only with great and proper leadership-otherwise disaster. @kerim322: @realdonaldtrump @msaid10 suddenly i was just motivated with donald trump without any reason. @kamsunited: @realdonaldtrump 4 more years of hell until a new president comes into office. i wish it was you. @resatdorsia16: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will vote for the first time ever i would finally believe in someone. @arnoldziffle2: @realdonaldtrump i say trump for president can i get a hell yes usa would be the greatest nation on the planet agaiin. @coolz36: @realdonaldtrump you would make this country great again if you ran for president no only if i won-then it would be great again. @therc3: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing more idiots blasted today. keep exposing the fools! #trumpusa. @mjjustus1: @realdonaldtrump thank you for the times you invited vets to maralago. you didn t have to do that so thanks. it was my honor! @onthevirg66: @realdonaldtrump your the greatest inspiration. keep up the great work and thank you for all you do. thank you virgil! @cokokkola: @realdonaldtrump has a much higher iq than idiot lord sugar- that s why he has much more money! true on both fronts! it s 46 really cold and snowing in new york on memorial day - tell the so-called scientists that we want global warming right now! @alpugh1: @realdonaldtrump donald sir played your course on friday and let me tell you this it was spectacular. good work! thanks! @vineculture: rt @realdonaldtrump: .@wineenthusiast awarded trump vineyards sparkling reserve 91 points --- the highest rated wine v. @c4662: @realdonaldtrump a plus for run at the presidency: can work w unions. the american spirit is down and out. change is needed. @ustechie: @realdonaldtrump what are you doing with old post office in washingtondc and when? we are going to build the finest hotel in c! @california bloo: @newscorpse @realdonaldtrump this is the same douche that said windmills were worse for birds than oil. much worse! @mattia crovini: @realdonaldtrump what do you think about italy? i don t think about italy! @bobbysoo80: @realdonaldtrump as if you would ever be president!! some of your followers are pure retards! don t underestimate their genius. @lmowle: @realdonaldtrump pls hlp my grandaughter stacey7 she has cancer & we need to raise 500k for treatment outside uk. @travianno thanks! why is senator john mccain in syria visiting with the rebels- make america great again! @aliyuaminuahmed: @realdonaldtrump @bobbysoo80 donal j. trump is a good presidential candidate - he has answers. thanks very nice! @kodycoats: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump what do you believe could truly save this country? great leadership! @sweetbaboo1968: @realdonaldtrump thank you for all you do!!! thank you! @josephkuye: @realdonaldtrump i genuinely believe that the american apprentice is better than the uk one... very true! @gilcharles: @realdonaldtrump can i get a rt for @petsalivewest in ny. saving lots of animals. @wasted talent19: @realdonaldtrump congrats on winning the lawsuit in chicago thanks. @michaeljhill: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump we are looking forward to the renaissance & transformation of the old post office in dc great. @natestott: @realdonaldtrump how come you don t like alan sugar donald? because he s a lowlife but he makes me money! @msinger456: @realdonaldtrump congrats on winning in chicago! people think they can sue for anything and will pull any card. thanks. @joe10kendrew: @realdonaldtrump sort out so that the apprentice usa is on bbc again so much better than alan sugar! i like john mccain but we have to start rebuilding the united states instead of countries who hate us and want us to fail - be smart! @gangsterdannyg1: @realdonaldtrump what was bush and obama s biggest mistake. the lives and 1.5 trillion spent on iraq-which is failing. @the obm: @realdonaldtrump i stay up to watch your great apprentice show - miles ahead of sugar s version. no comparison! @infinitys edge: @realdonaldtrump i m in the billion dollar coalfields and thanks to obama i can t even leave the house i m so broke. @eliiizabethhhhh: @realdonaldtrump run for president in 2016 so i can vote for you! you would have this country fixed in a month! @ghetto trophy: @realdonaldtrump how are you a billionaire? you mean ten times over hater loser . @iamgrizzly1974: @realdonaldtrump furthermore as we continue to send our assets to foreigners we will become a 3rd world country.must stop. @smerwickman: @realdonaldtrump iraq was a mistake but how was obama responsible? he should have and could have gotten out much sooner! we spend billions of dollars helping nations all over the world but with hurricane sandy and oklahoma tornado not one nation helped us! @msaid10: @realdonaldtrump did you help? yes! .@vattenfallgroup lead investor in aberdeen windfarm fiasco has dropped outproject not economically viable--& protestors hate it. additionally two executives @vattenfallgroup are under major investigation & they are unable to get the many permits necessary. who would be stupid enough to invest in @vattenfallgroup s ill-conceived windfarm when it will lose 25m yearly? john menard of menards home improvement stores in midwest treats employees horribly -- should they form a union? i commend roger ailes for publicly supporting @foxnews employees against the obama administration s intimidation of its reporters. @tompuiseux yes! via @nyposts @pagesix: trump researching 2016 run. @beccapiano thanks. @smickiwench @melaniatrump no beautiful and really sweet and nice. @tdragonfly fight hard they are horrible! @matthewlumby @vattenfallgroup no the project sucks! @therc3 thanks. inflation is here. record beef prices are hitting consumers pockets bad for family grills. @austile147 u.s.a. is not rich owes 17 trillion dollars. @mandcnortheast yes you can for country s good. rt @fundanything in case you missed it check out @washingtonpost story about @realdonaldtrump & @fundanything. we have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork. - milton friedman. @bomoca thanks people love them @macys . never give up on yourself. think big. @davidfulop: @realdonaldtrump what is your best piece of advice for someone starting over at 40? work hard and love what you do! @classiced that s what i hear. @bollingsballs but i know @ericbolling and think he would do really well-tough smart and a good guy! @ boss talk : @realdonaldtrump read this garbage by @vanityfair & you ll see why sales way down-lost its way-sad! @sufferlonger: @davidfulop: @realdonaldtrump -- work hard and love what you do! -- i left corporate became a fireman at 37. great! @lisakaminsky yes. @tftamt: @realdonaldtrump your an awesome roll model. can you please tweet me back? thanks. @matt cad: @realdonaldtrump why do so many people despise you? because i am so handsome! @bethandersonesq: i would love a tweet back from the uber-famous @realdonaldtrump! how do you do it all? i often ask myself that same q! @forhomesales: @realdonaldtrump been a big fan since i read art of deal when i was 22. great! @lungquest: @fundanything @realdonaldtrump a donor was found! james goes into the or tonight for his second double lung transplant! #hope. @andyshinberger: @realdonaldtrump people hate you because they are jealous of you and in reality they don t hate you they hate themselves! @jakewittman happy birthday! @new0rleans lady: i pray he does well& the 10 yr old girl on the list gets law changd & gets her new lung as well.@realdonaldtrump. @fossilfiend7: @realdonaldtrump @ boss talk @vanityfair well that explains why i have no desire to read that garbage! i have a surprise for a really special kid on thursdays episode of @katieshow with @katiecouric:. @onedaddy26 yes. .@robbreport best 2013 golf courses: trump int l golf links scotland. great honor great magazinethanks! bringing true luxury to the windy city @trumpchicago soars 92 levels over the chicago river. @chrisinspfld @katieshow @katiecouric thanks chris! @graemereid1984 @trumpgolflinks enjoy! @volkermillion pretty much! @jatbwifee thank you. @francaselles @katieshow @katiecouric very cool thank you. the new amnesty bill is over 1000 pages. it is another monstrosity a la obamacare. obama wants to unilaterally put a no-fly zone in syria to protect al qaeda islamists syria is not our problem. .@timtebow has tremendous talent and a proven ability to lead. he deserves to be in the @nfl. house gop better get its act together.defund obamacare. out negotiate on debt ceiling. form commissions on benghazi & irs. no excuses! military has announced that china has successfully hacked our advanced weapon designs. china is our enemy.should we offset this on our debt? @pastorshanewest hi to your sons. tell them to never give up! @nyctiggy hi joanna. @amandaphantm no. @raffie100 i ll bet you had a great son. @katdhairstudio thanks but i don t feel like it--work too hard! @murraybrown10 thanks. @yati isma @tonyfernandes thanks but i receive from u.k. also. is business success a natural talent? i think its a combination of aptitude work and luck. think like a champion. @sarah e smith9 thanks. @charmed112586: @realdonaldtrump i live right near the hill school in pa and i heard that once in awhile you visit the school great school. @warrencasselljr: you re exactly what america needs mr. trump @realdonaldtrump thanks! @missmakeupmogul: i love me some @realdonaldtrump except when he s going against our president.. but business wise.i admire him understand! @niyafiya: @realdonaldtrump i love your honesty! #yournotfired lol thank you. @samahdanash: my friend during the trip @realdonaldtrump hope you liked it! @janhaight: @realdonaldtrump might be a lil late but much respect to you for giving @liljon 100g for his charity he s.great thanks! @codyalliecats: @realdonaldtrump hey donald huge fan can t wait for another season of the apprentice thanks. @metaltyger98: @realdonaldtrump: happy 8th anniversary to @melaniatrump. way to go mr.trump! great beauty-person! @mishuboo: @realdonaldtrump i love you mr trump thanks samantha. @ warrendya which one? @mallorybeck17 thanks mallory! @jakepalmer412: @realdonaldtrump i look up to you mr trump. i wsnt to be like you when i grow up. can i get a reply? @mitchell traver thanks. @guyendorekaiser: @realdonaldtrump you are a true american not like some of these others. love your macy s ties!!! love your books! thanks. @jonathanarenas8: mr @realdonaldtrump ignores latinos can not be the # 1 love latinos just look at trump national doral in miami. @beccapiano: @realdonaldtrump you look so forceful on you re book cover! that s what we america s women admire about you. @badgirlofrockxx: @realdonaldtrump why arn t u in politics donald..? i am! @stockmarket100: @realdonaldtrump correct me if i m wrong but didnt you give @liljon charity 20k? yes 20k plus 100k for great cause! @schmidttona: @realdonaldtrump #apprentice i can t wait either. love the show! thanks. @paulinabours: @realdonaldtrump saludos desde mexico! i really do admire you thank you! @cronin michelle thanks! @golanflamm: @realdonaldtrump a massive fan from australia. how can i buy your ties?? #wantthetrumpfeeling thanks at macy s-trump tower. surprising a future nobel prize winner on todays @katieshow:. @cbmcq thank you. @wicz 2003 thanks. @1brianpadilla @ boss talk @vanityfair dying magazine. @thejbrain thank you! @christianvaux true--i am the king of eradicating debt--it s easy! my @teamcavuto interview re: 2016 the need for leadership in our country syria & china hacking our military. via @newsmax media: trump: americans desperate for leadership. china has done great under obama. increased private us holdings by 500 . hacks our military & r&d. robs us blind daily.#timetogettough. the conservative does not despise government. he despises tyranny. - @marklevinshow. .@trumpcollections @doralresort renovations are revitalizing miami. the new course will be a great challenge. little mac millers next album may bomb. he cant use my name again for sales. one of the many reasons that @vattenfallgroup dropped out of windfarm projectthey couldnt solve military radar defense problems. .@vattenfallgroup will never solve the issues with the ministry of defense. besides they smartly just left the project. frack now and frack fast unless we want to continue to be dependent on countries that hate us. young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will! i pride myself on being obstinate stubborn & tough. i think those are important qualities found in successful people. think big. @matthewjpizzo thanks matt. @4geiger hi sara--have a great time! @scottallenmeyer: @realdonaldtrump drill baby drill. north dakota s economy is booming. @marclaurito: @realdonaldtrump: young entrepreneurs should always remember that if you do not promote yourself no one else will! @itskailiebro: @realdonaldtrump is my role model he s always right. no just most of the time! the yankees really have to be embarrassed losing all four games to the mets - my great friend george steinbrenner would be going nuts! @heatherchilders thanks heather and you do a great job on fox! serious stuff-irs commissioner visited white house 157 times far more than sec. of state or defense. what a big story this is! @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump maybe shulman is having an affair with someone in the white house. he looks a little gay. @martycpa: @gregshoes69 @realdonaldtrump 10 of the people pay 90 of this countries tax. what wealthy tax breaks. @teamsowards: just had lunch at the trump towers! classy taste mr. trump! even my son thought it was awesome! @davenanni: loving the trump in lv. service is great best room for the money! 500sq ft great bath and shower tons of closet space . protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself. the art of the deal. @alecmillionaire the architectural boat tour is great. @fan jcena good luck! today judge st. eve ruled in my favor on the two remaining claims brought by goldberg in chicago. the case is now officially over. ms. goldberg & her blowhard lawyer should be ashamed for having brought this frivolous case. they should pay me damages! just got a great new selection of ties & shirts @macys. go buy them now for fathers daytheyre beautiful! @arronj1 find something you love doing--you have to have passion for your work. then work hard and keep focused. good luck! @general lauri: @realdonaldtrump the donald is the only reason i tweet! thanks lauri! @shaunsettle: @persdevquotes: if you re going to be thinking you may as well think big. donald trump #lovethedonald @realdonaldtrump. @violets69: @realdonaldtrump do you remember my grandfather hon. frank j. blangiardo? great guy. @jkoch19koch: @realdonaldtrump trump chicago is the best hotel in the world. sitting in rebar with a fabulous view! #thankyou. thank you to the robb report the best of the best issue for just naming trump international golf links the best new golf course in world! congratulations to aberdeen and scotland for just having our great golf course named best new course in world by the robb report. @chadsheridan: congrats to @realdonaldtrump for being voted best twitter account to follow by the open mick podcast. #youvemadeit. @ jacksmith96: @realdonaldtrump played your course today in aberdeen!! amazing best course i ve ever seen. thanks. @shapaliath: spent some time at trump hollywood this weekend. absolutely stunning & the staff were awesome mr. @realdonaldtrump thanks. @cough93: . @realdonaldtrump when are one of your courses going to host a major? that s what often makes them great. 2017. @ezt91: @realdonaldtrump has aberdeen said thank you yet? #youvebeentrumped no. @partylikerlove1 you don t need me--mar-a-lago is the best & most beautiful place to get married. if i m there i ll stop by. congrats! @talentedpaul thanks paul. via @nro: donald trump eyes 2016 by @woodruffbets. never ignore donald trump by jeffrey lord @amspec. business is no place for stream of consciousness babbling. keep it short fast and direct. - think like a champion. 70 stories above panama bay @trumppanama the majestic sail design is central americas architectural icon. pres. obama is meeting with chinas pres. this week he will get zero deliverables. china laughs at us. the chinese are the biggest beneficiary of this post-saddam oil boom in iraq. .@breitbartnews continues to do great work in exposing the left wing financing behind amnesty. flashback: donald trump answers boy s prayer for new bike via @foxnewsinsider. @sdoocy @broray you always look great on tv even without a trump tie! @genevievebyrne @trumppanama thanks great building! @theronnivp thank you! @d4dufour thank you very nice. @rodmonium91 say hi to your father--enjoy the tie. @thomasvanhoutte thanks 57th and fifth. @murphy756: @realdonaldtrump i patiently await for mr. trump to throw the towel in the ring ! he will never be beaten by anyone ! @vincent moretti thank you. @sorrowmachine: @realdonaldtrump @murphy756 didn t he just loose to michelle bachmann? .never lost to michelle - dummy are you crazy! @nicole52008: @realdonaldtrump is the man! he shows you what can happen when you work hard. #livintheamericandream. @charleyufarley you mean like buffett kravis icahn paulson and almost all other bigs-i never went bankrupt dumb ass! @realdonaldrumpf oh really weren t they brutally mugging people all over the park? - and now they are seeking damages - ridiculous! @ericfranson that is true. @mandygomez01: @realdonaldtrump hi. please run for president and make the world a better place. thanks. @johnsim96499126 thank you john! the miami heat looked great tonight - congratulations from all of your friends at your favorite place in miami trump national doral. @smccauley1972: @realdonaldtrump played national bedminster today. not sure what to say beside spectacular course and even better service. @kathyth38140700: @realdonaldtrump @nicole52008 i also think he has more concern and love for this country than the leaders we have now! @sirbraden: @realdonaldtrump would be the greatest president of all time. @jakecbaum: @trumpchicago @realdonaldtrump i will definitely be there again soon! save me a nice table with a lovely east view! :d. @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump don t be a chump. win with trump! 26000 sexual assaults in the military last year-way up from previous years. armed forces are in total turmoil! @tristenheath: @realdonaldtrump what s the secret to all your success? always need good and sound concepts and ideas-then never give up! @ronwemma: @realdonaldtrump played trump national philadelphia yesterday. great track. challenging but fair. keep up the awesome work!! @arthurdemeyer happy birthday! congratulations to my head pro of trump international golf club florida john nieporte for qualifying for the u.s. open! @usopengolf. via @newsmax media by courtney coren: trump: china gets iraq oil us gets nothing. via @ thescotsman: donald trump to lay out new golf course plan. trump: immigration bill a republican death wish via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1. whitey bulgers prosecution starts today. will be one of the most interesting and intriguing trials. congratulations to jim herman my ass t golf pro at trump nat l golf club bedminster nj for qualifying for the u.s. open! @usopengolf. does anyone else have two golf prosjohn nieporte & jim hermanwho qualified for the u.s. open? could this be an all-time record? the two dumbest interviews in history may go down as lance armstrong who is being sued by everyone in the world & michael douglas. @happyloner wrong you idiot! @arid93 they should have stopped paying him a long time ago. @charleyufarley innocent of what weren t they brutally mugging people in the park that night? the city better not settle this case! @gohermie: @realdonaldtrump @usopengolf thank you mr. trump i appreciate all of the support you have given me. i hope you can come watch. i will be going to aberdeen scotland today to help my team celebrate the great success of trump international golf links-press conference. my son @erictrump has just done another great event and raised a lot of money for @stjude. he is a really good boy who loves helping kids. thanks to @johnrich for putting on such a great concert fot @stjude. john was a winner on celebrity apprentice and is a fantastic guy. according to bill o reilly 80 of all the shootings in new york city are blacks-if you add hispanics that figure goes to 98 . 1 white. sadly the overwhelming amount of violent crime in our major cities is committed by blacks and hispanics-a tough subject-must be discussed. when it comes to violent crime and if we are going to solve the problem we must stop being so politically correct-must tell it like it is! likewise the primary victims of violent crimes are in the african american and hispanic communities. these people want law and order now! @dblsolo700: @zed crtr @realdonaldtrump ask him about #cp5 central park 5 yea ask me about the muggers! @dblsolo700 not concerned about them-weren t they brutally mugging people in the park? go check your facts. @an2nym: @realdonaldtrump good luck. if i had known id have come to shake your hand. fab job in aberdeen. @strange drugs: @realdonaldtrump when you die in 4 or 5 years the world will be a better place. i know i will make it that way! @ncartagena27: @realdonaldtrump i m puerto rican and i agree with this. we need to stop trying to be so politically correct. @go onrob the show is a joke in comparison to the original apprentice but it does pay me a lot of money. i can t believe the yankees continue to pay a rod - they have a perfect right to stop paying and should have stopped a long time ago . george steinbrenner would have done a major number on a rod - there is no way he would have gotten paid even with the help of the union! @elamenwalker: @realdonaldtrump seen you speak at charlotte nc acn that was awesome! thank you a great audience. @funkynfortunate: @realdonaldtrump ...but we re paying lois lerner. very cute! pete rose should now be allowed in the baseball hall of fame. the all-time hits leader has paid the price already! @mrbocce: @realdonaldtrump this red sox fan says let em keep paying! boston.must be very happy! @cgroll33 totally! @jonzy1523 @trumpchicago thanks very proud of it. @pierpaolomonni @trumpchicago @jonzy1523 thank you. @glenda goff thank you! @shelleysherwin wish your mother a happy birthday. @brandon grip thanks brandon. this just in re: fundanything and producer brad wyman. giving away money and revolutionizing crowdfunding. follow @fundanything to see which causes are financed daily. @tfore4 our clubhouse on the north sea. @judare so true! a-rod has disgraced the blessed @yankees organization lied to the fans & embarrassed nyc. he does not deserve to wear the pinstripes. kern county ca has secured 1.2b for windfarms they also just secured more eagle deaths & low property values. via @foxsportsgolf: trump s protg earns us open spot. looking over new york city with luxurious 5 star hotel rooms @trumpnewyork top dining & amenities. dress your best. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys tops all male business attire. remember trump ties & shirts @macys for fathers day--your father will love you even more! stephanie cutter attended wh meetings with irs chief great investigative work by jim hoft @gatewaypundit. i ve done the largest house sale in u.s. history by selling a palm beach mansion for 100m 60m more than i paid. i love real estate. i feel bad for all @vanityfair employees. every day at work they see circulation going down as graydon runs his bad food restaurants. we look forward to making the old post office in dc one of the great hotels of the world. @chrissuprun @rjchoppy but didn t he bet on his own team--he paid the price. @tylerhogan1 you could never beat me at golf--18 club championships. @sanmiguel 23 thanks. inspiration exists but it must find you working. -- pablo picasso. be flexibly focused. focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid. think big. i m in scotland getting ready for a major news conference on the great dunes of scotland announcing the second north sea course - amazing! i hope everybody goes to macy s today to get donald j. trump shirts ties suits and cufflinks - they are really beautiful at low price. newsstand sales for @vanityfair run by sleepy graydon carter are down almost 20 . all he cares about are his bad food restaurants! @vinnypac: @realdonaldtrump i ll have to go to macy s at tje bridgewater mall in nj and shop on this rainy day. have 7 of ur ties. luv them. @deluxeboss: @realdonaldtrump @bobbyukip your investment in the uk is welcome. thanks for being you. thank you! canadians: my ultra luxury private plane will be featured on sunday s episode of #mightyplanes on @discoverycanada--don t miss it at 8 et! vote for your favorite @missusa contestant --- the 2013 #missusa fan vote at ! @beaumontanthony: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump i agree thank mr trump fantastic golf in the uk you have built. @youarenotdeep: @realdonaldtrump s my inspiration. canadians: my ultra luxury private plane will be featured on sunday s episode of #mightyplanes on @discoverycanada--don t miss it at 8 et! @insanepricing lots and yes. via @newsmax media: robb report: trump scotland best golf course in the world. via @cnnmoney by @jtotoole: u.s. taps donald trump to convert dc s old post office into luxury hotel. .@foxandfriends int. on gov. collecting data whistle blower hiding in china & no bikinis in miss world pageant. a coincidence that the nsa leaker is living openly in hong kong?! at the same time the chinese pres. met with obama in ca. china is openly sailing warships in our waters & arming countries in our hemisphere including mexico ally? worry destroys focus. think big. @kevindrako2 thanks just really busy! somerset county new jersey swat team- really fantastic people! shirts and ties are doing great @macys--thanks! yesterday s home runs don t win today s games. - babe ruth. @nicla b thank you. @jbradleydesign1 @cnnmoney @jtotoole thank you! .@donaldjtrumpjr and i on the 18th hole at trump international golf links scotland-. @joooooojaah: i am team @realdonaldtrump 3 3 3 thanks georgia! @dardonyc16: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr hit 4 wood shots to get on that green. stunning hole and best course in the world! @gsgov: @lord sugar sad it has come to this. clown on tv and selling nail clippers online. ask @realdonaldtrump for a job? @tabloidhack: 2016 platform? china must be stopped from treating the u.s. like a chump says @realdonaldtrump. @rosemarrisa she will run! @magamboart: @realdonaldtrump. our prayers are with you be well soon ! god bless you nelson mandela #mandela. @riddzey32: @barackobama 2-day is #coachlombardi 100th b-day! research him & learn how to be a #trueleader @realdonaldtrump great coach! @azdaniel27: @realdonaldtrump. a successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him d brinkley. @tedieballgame @macys me too thanks! @missally52 @macys thanks and great job! great going to bob kraft & bill belichick of the @patriots on @timtebow. tim is a winner just like them! please dont pay attention to all of those phony tweets that mention my twitter handle relative to diet -- it is a total scam. .@trumpgolfla has panoramic pacific ocean views features a 7242-yard public course designed by pete dye. belated congratulations to @serenawilliams on winning the french open. a great player & person! with so many scandals plaguing obama it seems that they all hit him at the right time. could help him get away w all of them. congrats to @barbarajwalters on winning the @madeinny mayor s award for lifetime achievement! i love barbara! via @washtimes by @emilymiller: donald trump says this country is going to hell in a handbasket. always pretend that you re working for yourself. you ll do a wonderful job. it s simple but it works. - think like a billionaire. keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. fill your mind with new information & use this information to spawn new ideas. - think big. @roborbobor thank you. @jhayman2 thank you. the risk of a wrong decision is preferable to the terror of indecision. maimonides. .@vattenfallgroup has topped carbon datas rankings of the most carbon-intensive companies in the eus emissions trading scheme. amazing @vattenfallgroup tried to destroy aberdeen. @ldn1017: @ katherinewebb @realdonaldtrump how come katherine isn t a judge for miss usa???? because she is friends with miss alabama! @matthewjpizzo thanks matt! @friend bus: @wgonet @realdonaldtrump ill admit hes the man when it comes to entrepreneurs thank you! @chris mcnall: @realdonaldtrump congratulations on building the world s best golf course . scotland makes us jealous! thanks chris. @yra007unaj: @realdonaldtrump i most definitely agree with you. such an inspiration you are thanks and work hard and smart! @lovevictoria happy birthday victoria. @wilsonleeflores: @realdonaldtrump @chris mcnall is that hype or truly the world s best #golf course? it is the world s best golf course! @ katherinewebb: looking forward to #missusa this weekend in vegas! great to have our former.miss alabama! wow sexual assaults in the military have gone through the roof far worse than anybody could have predicted! @scottymcd1980 a round of golf compliments of me: trump national golf club--los angeles. i ve been warning about china since as early as the 80s. no one wanted to listen. now our country is in real trouble. #timetogettough. if snowden was such a hero then he would be in america. he is escaping justice! if @vattenfallgroup dropped out of the economically unfeasible wind farm development in aberdeen who is cont. .@dannyzuker youre starting up again because people have forgotten you. you wouldnt take my bet but its cont. .@dannyzuker dannylet your bosses on modern family lend you the money to play the game. show courage! @scottymcd1980 have fun and thanks. looking forward to speaking at @ralphreeds @faithandfreedom gala dinner on friday in d.c. his staff has been great! .@dannyzuker danny--you re a total loser! i can t resist hitting lightweight @dannyzuker verbally when he starts up because he is just.so pathetic and easy stupid ! @arberdoci: @dannyzuker i think you try and make fun of @realdonaldtrump because you re jealous. try and compare your career to his. @lolita nyc: @realdonaldtrump luv you that s great! @bahuksanamph: @realdonaldtrump agreed he did the crime now he needs to do the time..face the music....trump for president 2016. @mayaalusik: @realdonaldtrump @dannyzuker danny who? @who mikejones6: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #zukerisaloser. age wrinkles the body. quitting wrinkles the soul. - general douglas macarthur. @tone l0c: @realdonaldtrump is better than @dannyzuker in a lot of ways plus donald has 2million more followers than zuker. why isnt the @gop congress doing everything possible to defund and cut obamacare? is it a coincidence that the middle east has blown up since obama became president? @bingo1bingo2: @realdonaldtrump @dannyzuker wow! that was some fine initiated political arguments u had right there. #trump2016. @rich9ie8: @realdonaldtrump we need more great americans like you to make this country strong thanks for the nice words! @kevcur8: @realdonaldtrump ally my arse u exposed them years ago dt...time 4 u to get in the game...for real. you have backers...trust me. @kevcur8: @realdonaldtrump @washtimes @emilymiller if anyone could start a 3rd party in govt it is u...just do it..build it they will come. @paynetb: i m voting for @realdonaldtrump! calls it like it is! #trump2016 very nice frank - our country does need leadership. lightweight @dannyzuker is too stupid to see that china and others is destroying the u.s. economically and our leaders are helpless! sad. @tigergal62: not very presidential: @realdonaldtrump: .@dannyzuker danny--you re a total loser! perhaps but 100 true! @spuffer316: @ivankatrump you have an amazing father @realdonaldtrump @rbeezybess thank you stu and ivanka is a great daughter! @aleksydasexy: @realdonaldtrump i d vote for you for president thank you. @whiskeysam99 .sam you are so pathetic! @justmenoahb: @realdonaldtrump please run for president... be good to have a real business man in office. @juliar1206: @realdonaldtrump i d vote for you too! i work for the welfare dept & i ve never seen so many people on it. it should not be. just tried watching modern family - written by a moron really boring. writer has the mind of a very dumb and backward child. sorry danny! @mikevega4: i have to say i fave no idea who @dannyzuker is but i know @realdonaldtrump is and he has great hotels #whoiszucker true. @wfdelong now tell the truth. @psmith819: @dannyzuker @realdonaldtrump so to tell you danny boy.....trump is winning it.....as he usually does. danny is easy! @sir klza hater danny is getting his ass kicked like he has all of his life! @leigh26heather: @realdonaldtrump who on earth is danny zuker????!!!! a lightweight moron who only gets attention by attacking trump. @lanah11: @realdonaldtrump i ve tried watching it a few times and think it is one of the dumbest shows ever! how can it win awards? @teerellz 95 you have no chance! @matthew pascale: you have to think anyway so why not think big? @realdonaldtrump - great quote from an experienced leader. @happiikarii: @realdonaldtrump why didn t you run for this term? i should have i would have won! @gysellalmonte: i was checking upon @realdonaldtrump bio and turns out that tomorrow is his birthday! i admire the guy. thank you! @azdaniel27: @realdonaldtrump. the penalty of success is to now be bored by people who used to snub you - viscountess astor 1879-1964. @ilory: whao! so good to know that i share the same birthday as my mentor @realdonaldtrump. tomorrow s our birthday!!!!!! happy birthday! @courtneyymorgan: just saw the old post office in washington dc that @realdonaldtrump is planning to turn into a hotel. it will be gorgeous. @eblakespencer: what a great day @trumpgolfla w @chrisuhrig. can t wait to go back @realdonaldtrump. #highlyrecommended. thanks. @jdawgnuts: @realdonaldtrump if you really thought you could have won you would have ran. very bad grammar run . thanks to everyone for your kind birthday wishes -- very nice! challenges present opportunities. always keep your focus and stay calm. its thursday. how much has opec ripped us off today? still a great time to buy residential property. the courts are holding up foreclosures. buy directly from the banks. a friend of mine went to @cakebossbuddy and sent me this beautiful cake which we put in the atrium of @trumptowerny. .@ivankatrump and i are looking forward to visiting vancouver next week. big announcement. fathers day is sunday. find the perfect gift.trump signature collection is exclusively available @macys. watch miss usa 2013 sunday night at 9 pm et. live from planet hollywood las vegas. .@giulianarancic & @nickjonas are co-hosting miss usa 2013 -- sunday night at 9 pm et on nbc. @jonasbrothers will be performing. tune in! @duchessofdallas thanks anna. my @piersmorgan interview on snowden the traitor national security and china hacking us. for an advance preview of the miss usa 2013 contestants as well as other show details go to. work often becomes problem solving. problems come with the territory and they should never surprise you. - think like a champion. @adelebrumley thanks! @eurphrosye great! @quicksorter have a good time enjoy this great city. dont find fault. find a remedy. henry ford. @andrewtavani: .@billclinton & @govchristie 1st met at wedding of @realdonaldtrump when christie was us attorney in the bush admin. true. @littlechutemike: @realdonaldtrump your business sense is amazing. i hope one of my children grow up to be as successful as you very nice. @tinkerp91: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for monday mornings with mr. trump on fox and friends love to hear his opinion. agree most times. @leodicaprio come to miss u.s.a. tomorrow in las vegas-will be a great evening! @daviscpagroup: @realdonaldtrump playing pine hill for pops day. enjoy it! @tommyguns11: @realdonaldtrump obama arming syrian rebels is a travesty and an embarassment to the us! what would you do? stay out! happy father s day to all even the haters and losers! we should stay the hell out of syria the rebels are just as bad as the current regime. what will we get for our lives and billions?zero. @hellocory: oh my god the twitter fight between @dannyzuck and @realdonaldtrump there is no fight with @dannyzuker he is a nobody! @jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realdonaldtrump hey donald just want to say i m a huge fan of your books. your a real inspiration. thanks! @dooobieashtray: @realdonaldtrump acts childish fighting with @dannyzuker via internet wrong he started it and i finished it-he s nothing. @onlyonetweet : @realdonaldtrump hello mr. trump. long time reader first time tweeter. how do i deal with bullies? attack or ignore! a family in las vegas just stopped a violent home invasion by shooting one of the perpetrators-the other fled and will be captured. great! @jamesklatt: @realdonaldtrump moral of this story: guns when used correctly save lives! true! @huandarulz: @realdonaldtrump guns in the hands of responsible people saves lives. @aussiemika74: @realdonaldtrump any plans to present in sydney again? missed the last one but heard great things about it yes. @tiffanyatrump: happy father s day dad! love you! @realdonaldtrump thanks tiffany i am proud of you! @mattseba: with the endless amount of ties i buy i can say the @realdonaldtrump collection is at the top of my list. #quality thanks. @justinrose99: time to enjoy an amazing day! you were fantastic in winning the u.s. open. your father is looking down and proud of you! congratulations to connecticuts erin brady on being crowned the 2013 @missusa! america will be well-represented in @missuniverse! the crowning moment conneticuts erin brady winning @missusa 2013. .@giulianarancic & @nickjonas both did a wonderful job hosting @missusa! everyone loved @jonasbrothers & @djpaulyds performances! congratulations to @emilymiller @mboyle1 & @noltenc on making @fishbowldcs list of 10 journos you don t want to fight on twitter. my @gretawire int. on obama scandals not resonating no retribution on benghazi obama not being engaged. trending story on miss utah is very unfair. she simply lost her train of thoughtcould happen to anyone! @missusa @missuniverse. a country that does not control or respect its own borders is a country destined for failure. secure our borders! i own @dannyzuker but he has his friends & haters & losers tweeting that he beat me. he cant beat me at anything! frankly for a writer i dont think @dannyzukers stuff is good. in fact its terrible. like it or not haters and losers everybody is talking about miss u.s.a. and miss utah. by the way she is a fine young woman-unfair to her. @marzanoj: @realdonaldtrump people think of u as a real estate king. rightly so however u r the marketing king as well. thank you. @peaceloveandmeg: but when you re in a beauty contest ran by @realdonaldtrump all the contestants are republican. bad grammar run . snowden is sitting in china and taunting the u.s. he is mocking us as a country. great time to place a tax on china trade if not turned over. snowden is doing great damage to our relations with other countries and u.s.prestige. china is laughing at us as he continues illegal action. all i can say is that if i were president snowden would have already been returned to the u.s. by their fastest jet and with an apology! keep testing your limits. never become complacent. always think big! young entrepreneurs never back down. take the hits and get up. thats what makes a winner. @chrisleigh604: @realdonaldtrump welcome to vancouver . enjoy your visit thank you. @missusa2005: love this pic of @missusa the beautiful erin & the one and only @realdonaldtrump. amazing show. great picture thanks. @jlsmoothh: @realdonaldtrump i appreciate everything you ve done in my lifetime thank you justin! i met a trump twitter hater last night well known . as he came near me he nervously said mr. trump it is an honor to meet you sir! nice. @mannymacoo: i may not agree with some of his politics but @realdonaldtrump is a phenomenal business man. so true! @glcarter7: @realdonaldtrump @peaceloveandmeg mr. trump im 45 today. can i get a retweet for luck this year? good luck! the miss universe pageant will be broadcast live from moscow russia on november 9th. a big deal that will bring our countries together! the miami heat is getting it s ass kicked - they better start playing or it will be a long summer for them. do you think putin will be going to the miss universe pageant in november in moscow - if so will he become my new best friend? great basketball game going on right now! @athompson362: why did i quit following @realdonaldtrump? twitter is boring without him. i m back for good! everybody comes back! watch the game-really good. amazing comeback by the heat - your friends at your favorite golf club trump national doral are proud of you. now for game 7! @pzoric: @realdonaldtrump rather watch season 7 of #theapprentice. @docshanahan1: @realdonaldtrump would love to see you on shark tank.... great white vs hammerheads but the apprentice is far better! @longlivetheboss thank you very nice! @ scumprincess: @realdonaldtrump is the best person i follow. @et614: @realdonaldtrump were you listening to cher s new song? cher sucks - her song and music in general is terrible! @tubby511 thank you! @ldbox: @realdonaldtrump yes apprentice is better but world needs to see you on shark tank!!! @coollikeelvis: @realdonaldtrump welcome to vancouver! hope you enjoy your stay. thanks! @kylemccall4: a man works construction is used to loud noise & can t adapt to noise from a windfarm. beat eowdc @realdonaldtrump. @thebigastabile so true. .@ed kleins book the amateur is out in paper back. lots of insights. great to see @sarahpalinusa back on @foxnews. she s a wonderful woman and commentator. i salute all tea party patriots for marching on dc today. stand strong! @matglav @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr thank you. i never made the ridiculous comment about james g. and obama care - somebody else put it out and attributed it to me. not my style! who would really believe i would say such a thing about a guy i truly liked james gandolfini. sadly very sick people use my name. @dst1015: @realdonaldtrump my friend and yours mike san filippo qualified for the us sr open. mike is a great player-give him congrats! @lisa luciatesta: @realdonaldtrump i m sure you didn t. there are a lot of sickos out there! that s for sure! @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump it continues to amaze me how losers just can t stand your success dj. but success is the best revenge. @bretech2: @niceprogressive i don t thnk his acct was hacked he s saying he never twtd & no1 actually saw it only claimed he deleted. some dope said i deleted a tweet about james g. there was no tweet and there was no delete-a totally fabricated story nobody saw tweet . keep your brand standard in mind and your expansion will seem possible as well as gratifying. midas touch. james gandolfini was a remarkable talent. he was also a decent man. we will all miss him. we know who did the hoax of james gandolfini and obamacare. be careful mister. @dannyzuker loser danny is obsessed with trump. our debt is about to reach 17t. iraq has 20t in oil reserves. interesting. negotiation is persuasion more than power. negotiation includes a lot of fine lines--and that s what makes it an art. keep focused on your goals. practice positive thinking. view any conflict as an opportunity--look at the solution not the problem. @rtwing1020 thanks--it will be great. re negotiation: trust your instincts even after you ve honed your skills. they re there for a reason. .@governorperry stopped by to say hello. my people caught the person who committed forgery of the james gandolfini-obama care phoney quote attributed to me-fraud. arrest coming? @patti wavinak: @realdonaldtrump i do have to say i went to your timeline and saw you did not tweet that! hope you catch the bastard! done. after one of the great chokes in the history of sports it will be hard for the spurs to beat the heat - but who knows. good game on now! vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. the best investors are visionariesthey look beyond the present. due diligence includes increasing your financial iq daily. @kjlleonard thanks! @fubaglady @camarodays thanks i do and will! @barrimedia good luck. @cosmicshiftbar @i am optimistic thanks. putin says russia cant allow a weakening of its nuclear deterrentu.s. wants to reduceare we crazy? receiving the @robbreport trophy for best new golf course in the world- trump international golf links scotland. @wwefan123444 good luck. change is the law of life. and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. john f. kennedy. coming together is a beginning. keeping together is progress. working together is success. - henry ford. @caroleapple great meeting you! @bunyolan: @realdonaldtrump hi chalita yaemwannang miss universe thailand 2013 in nc. see you in moscow. @proestateagent: @realdonaldtrump true! and you are one of them - a great investor. thank you. @sufferlonger: what??? @realdonaldtrump has his own ny state park? this guy is everywhere! it was a gift from me. @jmuoio88: pretty sure the reason @realdonaldtrump is so rich is because that guy never drank a drop of alcohol in his life that helped! @steverickettssp: .@realdonaldtrump does your ego permit you to donate something without requiring that your name be on it? state s idea! @ewerickson enjoy your stay! @bestnewproduct @trumpcollection thanks it is a beautiful city. @trumpphillygm @daviscpagroup @trumpphillypro have fun! @pbanura or ireland? see charles gasparinos article in todays nypost about eric schneidermans witch hunt against republicans. even liberals & democrats think eric schneidermans use of the atty generals office is unfair & unethical. @armusicplanner happy birthday anthony. via @nydailynews: @ivankatrump oversees new healthy room-service menu at trump hotels. via @hotelierme: olympic golf course designer named by trump-damac. overlooking central park @trumpnewyork brings both glamor and prestige to your five diamond hotel stay. excited and honored to be addressing @thefamilyleader summit in iowa this august. we are being embarrassed by russia and china on snowden and much more yet obama is talking about global warming on tuesday. snowden is showing how weak the u.s. has become. our debt is about to top 17t. obamacare and china & others are killing american business. some events will wipe out one person but will make another even more tenacious. think like a champion. @rbdwalker: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr played trump golf links scotland last week - by far the best course in the world!! thank you. @paulcdevlin much better enjoy it! @1davidkim @trumptoronto great! @halfmoon4life thanks. @cwbmustang there certainly is plenty of evil. @513pango that s really nice--good luck! @lorenzolamas thank you! @ecatxerxes go for it! via @newsmax media: trump iowa visit raises 2016 speculation. @mfmagofficial thank you. yesterday 15 @gop senators sided with people who got into this country by breaking our laws. becoming a us citizen is not a right its a privilege. unions who secure the border oppose the amnesty bill their expert opinions should at least be listened to. we need to worry about the american worker first! .@nikwallenda #skywire as much credit as he s been given he wasnt given enough credit for his incredible feat over grand canyon. looking forward to my @thefamilyleader summit visit and speech. keep stimulating your mind with big ideas. be a collector of big ideas. constantly fill your mind with new information. - think big. if you have a hard time communicating one way to overcome it is to turn your focus onto your audience. - midas touch. congratulations to our great resident of chicago trump tower patrick kane @88pkane for the #stanleycup win & winning mvp of series. @lindasuhler: @gbrucato21 @ericbolling @realdonaldtrump ah...i don t watch much popular tv. but i do like the donald. you re very smart! @kevinwarchie thanks. @emileegorham: @realdonaldtrump i couldn t be a bigger fan! love all you do! thanks emilee! new and great selection of ties shirts and cufflinks@macy s - check them out! @keyonmatters: you are so annoying @realdonaldtrump thank you now get a job! @michelle823: @realdonaldtrump made in china! no way! lead the manufacturing back to usa ! i am working hard to do so! @coolchange80: @realdonaldtrump are you really calling for the execution of #snowden . he is a traitor absolutely. others won t follow! @alannawannabe: say what you want about @realdonaldtrump he is a brilliant business man. true! @jmano33: @realdonaldtrump you are without a doubt the coolest! not many people stand up for themselves in today s world!! thank you. @micr0driguez they gave up because the shirts ties and cufflinks are hot sellers @macy s. @jfsargent: i feel like that last tweet by @realdonaldtrump is gonna be a good one to have on record. yeah for me! @sonaderi: @realdonaldtrump @coolchange80 and you re okay with the government spying on you? must have power to stop terrorists etc. @steamjetboomer: @realdonaldtrump you gotta start blasting weiner everyday til he loses! a total pervert mayor in nyc would be the end! @blackfridaymgt you can t even spell businessman. i use the b laws like buffett kravis icahn zell etc. you dope-and learn how to spell. @cariread08: @realdonaldtrump i look forward to your wise words every day. nice to learn from one of the best. you are very smart! @dreadphil1 miss usa pageant is much better! @pastapp: @realdonaldtrump you re my hero!!!! i m going into business because of you! i m changing my name to donald! cute! @lmetzger3590 thank you. @michael74085825 almost all residents love the course and the great things it has done for the community. polls have shown 93 approval:-. the people of scotland love the golf course i have built-it is now considered perhaps the greatest ever built! thank you also to robb report. @cloverc8: @realdonaldtrump that s because you are the don... nothing less than perfect thanks-and your baby is beautiful! @nstegm: @realdonaldtrump #askdonald what are you most proud of in your life? my children! paula deen made a big mistake in using a forbidden word but must be given some credit fot admitting her mistake. she will be back! @danilluhermman the wharton school of finance is the best! @derrintexada good luck--work hard! @fordette12 great! @cherrie stevens interesting! @pearlharry thank you! @nstegm real estate! one of the most expensive projects ever in miami @trumpdorals 200m of renovations are right on schedule. when completed will be elite! shining over fifth avenue @trumptowerny a ny icon offers a full service restaurant bar cafe ice cream parlor and gucci. dont be afraid of mistakes. they can be learning tools on the way to building something great for yourself. think like a champion. obamas speech on climate change was scary. it will lower our standard of living and raise costs of fuel & food for everyone. china loved obamas climate change speech yesterday. they laughed! it hastens their takeover of us as the leading world economy. as hard as it is to believe sexting pervert anthony weiner is leading in some polls for mayor of nyc. ability is nothing without opportunity. - napoleon bonaparte. @hoffers1: just got thru reading time to get tough by @realdonaldtrump. it s a shame more people didn t read it before this past election. located in palm beach fl historic mar-a-lago features 20 exquisite acres filled w world class amenities. .@tomhanks was fabulous in @luckyguyplay last nightas was the entire cast. what a surprise! newly released audit proves that the irs only targeted tea party groups. obamacare could eat up your raise why isn t congress defunding it? they re obsessed with amnesty. why do we always know how the four liberals are going to rule but have to think about which side the republican judges will go. remember but for conservatives bush would have given us not only roberts but also harriet miers. face it bush was terrible! whether you like it or not bush also gave us obama! @mibrunette our country needs the same fix-up. @kennethhazlett an answer would not be pretty! @rich labelle have fun. @vincemirabelli @trumplasvegas thanks! @inkinhole very sad isn t it! @agccevents @chambertalk have fun! there are huge opportunities for profits if you can think big & create big solutions for the human needs brought by trends. -think big. mastering others is strength. mastering yourself is true power. lao tzu. call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor. when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors? putin re snowden issue it is like shearing a pig: theres lots of squealing and little fleece. keep difficulties in perspective. ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? can you imagine not taking snowden s passport away before he jetted happily away to foreign lands where he gave away many u.s. secrets . @jahbalon: i wouldn t mind @realdonaldtrump as president at all. just the man we need to get this country going again. thank you! @sexys back: @realdonaldtrump we need firm decisive leadership please consider a presidential bid mr trump. you are very smart! @rogerjmunson only 40 hours? just kidding . @toddriddolls: @realdonaldtrump how do you find the time? not easy! @teapartyhub: infuriating that our government buys our flags from china! such disrespect! @washingtondctea. @zaranawabzadi: @realdonaldtrump @jahbalon trust me its been a while we saw an american as a president. i am for sir donald. how did snowden with not even a high school education get access to top secret u.s. records. he then gave or sold those records-traitor! @volitanlioness: @realdonaldtrump i don t know donald but he sure has made our government look foolish! so who hasn t? another example of the destruction caused by wind turbines. unnecessary waste--horrible! situated in the heart of downtown toronto the 65 story @trumpto offers an elegant and wonderful lifestyle. always strive to outdo yourself. think big. obamas carbon tax plan will finance more windmills in america. more real estate depreciated wildlife killed incl. bald eagles. congratulations to @newtgingrich on being signed to co-host @cnn crossfire. great move by jeff zucker. sometimes when you innovate you make mistakes. it is best to admit them quickly and get on with other innovations. - steve jobs. imagination is more important than knowledge. --albert einstein. i don t get @billmaher and his terrible show - he is dumb as a rock but tries so hard to pass himself off as a great intellect. check past! @killngamerjobs they will mostly vote for dems. you mean the fact that my father left me some money as a good father will and i multiplied it many many times to over 10 billion-is bad? what my father really gave me is a good great brain motivation and the benefit of his experience-unlike the haters and losers lazy! . @blmeek: @realdonaldtrump you could have blown all the money or made it grow.....people are just jealous. totally true and thank you! @angryjesusrants: @realdonaldtrump why do you need so much? change some lives feed some hungry i do big league! @youngbasedgod g: @realdonaldtrump your dad gives good brain?? damn it s called genes! @spsmith78 so how is he allowed to get away with the crap he says? @ryanseanheron: @realdonaldtrump have you ever contributed anything positive to the world? making yourself rich. created thousands of jobs. @dylanhendlich: i don t understand why @realdonaldtrump wastes his time with fools on twitter i don t either i feel sorry for them? . @stevebickerton2: @realdonaldtrump @ryanseanheron i know he supports others and he does not want or get in the news papers for it thanks. @995mu: @realdonaldtrump @dylanhendlich cause this is the best place to tell people to fux off without saying so. #twitter. @ebrumby thank you. @mrsdare: @realdonaldtrump it breaks my heart u won t run 4 president and help so many more of us! lets see what happens! @2ndnatureshh: @realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on this @paula deen drama? paula has to stop apologizing and get back to work! @johnnyboob2: @realdonaldtrump haha you went bankrupt once? thats sad and embarassing i never went bankrupt moron-see buffettkraviszell! @sroyboyk: @realdonaldtrump how much did you start with? not a hater just trying to get an answer. a tiny fraction of what i have built. @showstopper1020: @realdonaldtrump thank you for what you have achieved it makes me work harder to achieve more for myself and my family. @jerrimoore: @realdonaldtrump @ryanseanheron a beautiful brilliant daughter @ivankatrump true! @catmos0: @realdonaldtrump you are a brilliant business man! the us needs your skills to become great!! trump for president. thank you! @danielrogerson: @realdonaldtrump would you ever consider opening a hotel in london? i d certainly stay. yes! @newnonny: @realdonaldtrump @sroyboyk prove it. and while you re at it prove your alleged iq as well. the highest asshole! @carlosgerboles wrong made a lot of money in atlantic city-and most kids do blow their inheritance or do nothing with it-look at stats. i like doing this once a month for the haters & losers and as they know -i don t wear a wig . some may not like my hairstyle but all mine. @newnonny: @bmorebadboy81 @realdonaldtrump don t hate him for being successful. hate him for being an asshole actually i agree with that. @mrsdare: @jimbhoyx @realdonaldtrump if you hate him so much then why do you follow him? because these people are serious losers & lonley. @rsmithmia: @realdonaldtrump what s your favorite book? trump the art of the deal. everytime someone tweets that i wear a wig realize to yourself that you are dealing with them - just another sad & lonely hater and loser! @danshaw2012 true! @2p2trollcat: @realdonaldtrump why do you hate so many people? i don t i love people! @queenof72: @realdonaldtrump u should have run for president. our country is in a mess much bigger than you know! @justgrind: @realdonaldtrump how do you feel that the central park 5 were innocent innocent of what-how many people did they mugg? @nicko7785: @realdonaldtrump just got to nyc what s ur best tip to enjoy this amazing city? go to trump tower 57th. & 5th. avenue. just watched facebook coo sheryl sandberg on 60 minutes. she should spend more time trying to get the f stock price up & less on her ego! i am so disappointed that the yankeed haven t terminatrd a-rod s contract. there is no way they would not win in court! hard to believe. i am going to trump national doral in miami this week to check out the 250 million renovation. in construction always watch the money! @cheriecorso: @realdonaldtrump i wish more people had ur tude but they don t. @edandbev: @realdonaldtrump when do you expect the course to be finished? november. @sweetsare: @realdonaldtrump hope the renovation is going well. thanks when finished it will be the best in country-and going well. @renee mk: @realdonaldtrump i bet there are a lot of other things or people in this world that could use that money i create lots of jobs. @edm head: @realdonaldtrump @edandbev lyin ass nigga why does paula d get destroyed and you can use the n word so freely asshole? @djgura: @realdonaldtrump 10bb? forbes has you at 3bb what gives? they know nothing about me or my numbers. @chuffman48: @realdonaldtrump or should i ask mark cuban to tweet at me since you wont he is boring and much poorer than me! @chuffman48: @realdonaldtrump i mean mark cuban is better with his money than you not even close dopey. @metalmadsean: @realdonaldtrump your thoughts on obama s trip to africa? a total waste of taxpayers money! 100 million. @marc soler1: @realdonaldtrump why you take so serious so many stupid tweets you are the golden boy of real state all my respects. @nickfronduto: @realdonaldtrump we have our annual @wffsa conference at the doral october 23-25...will courses be ok to go? yes. @davidrhythmguit: @realdonaldtrump @chuffman48 mark cuban accepts the fact that the president of the united states was born here. doubt it. @dentstwitt: @edm head @realdonaldtrump @edandbev my question is did mlk jr. use the n word? no only paula dean used it! @jendejournett: @realdonaldtrump true. always watch the construction close...esp the change orders & field slips. so true i m impressed! @kenzig thank you. @durangorick: @realdonaldtrump thoughts on obama pledging 7b us to unleash the power of entrepreneurship.. in africa?? crazy! @txpride80: @realdonaldtrump what would be better than you buying an nba team and beating cuban s team on a regular basis? who cares? @nate rogerthat: @realdonaldtrump why you hate @mcuban so much? i don t hate him at all. @carson evans1: @realdonaldtrump you were right back in january when you said boeing was the stock to buy... thank you! every penny of the 7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen - corruption is rampant! 19 firefighters killed in arizona - terrible tragedy! @freetownspurs: @realdonaldtrump going to new york for first time in november.any recommendations which hotel to stay? trump int.-1 cpw. @chase combs4: getting ready to watch @realdonaldtrump on @foxnews! #smartguy will be on 7 a.m. edward snowden is absolutely killing the the u.s. with other countries! @editieffiong: .@abangmercy @realdonaldtrump africa can solve its own problems with stronger institutions less corruption & impunity ohhh. @mm13815: @realdonaldtrump here is a novel idea. how about using that 7 billion to take care of our own country. perfectly stated! fox and.friends now! via wsoc tv: donald trump s son says family thinking about expanding in uptown charlotte great job @erictrump. @spence derek i ll bet he was! our thoughts and prayers are w the families of the 19 brave firefighters who died fighting the arizona wildfire. god bless them. via @reason: donald trump: i can fix america. located in beautiful briarcliff ny @trumpnationalny features a 7291 yard course just 25 minutes outside nyc. millions protesting in egypt for morsis ouster when will obama demand morsis resignation as he did to mubarak. congratulations to @secupp on joining @newtgingrich on @cnns crossfire. show will be excellent! trump: terrible traitor snowden embarrassing us via @thehill by @jtsthehill. we should be concerned about the american worker & invest here. not grant amnesty to illegals or waste 7b in africa. yesterday obama compared nelson mandela to george washington in africa. do you think he really believes it? you have to love what you do or you are never going to be successful no matter what you do in life. - think big. @fvb123: @realdonaldtrump you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. - churchill. @keyagents: @realdonaldtrump is a no nonsense man he means what he says and does what he intends and sets out to do. i m a fan of great. @jaymztyler i would stop paying him immediately. @durangorick thank you! trump puerto rico is 1st development in puerto rico to combine lavish residences world class golf & a beach. anti-morsi protests are 10 times larger than 2011 anti-mubarek protests. interesting. snowden if youre such a hero then come back home and face justice. in reality you are just another wiseguy traitor. i dont know dennis kozlowski who made tyco into a great company & then went to prison but hes up for parolelet him go! instead of attacking me ashish j. thakkar should worry about the culture of corruption plaguing uganda. i am honored to be receiving the american spectator foundation award for excellence in entrepreneurialism in washington dc this fall. .@yankees are making a big mistake sending the doping @arod to rehab assignment. should suspend him until investigation is over. .@billmaher has continually degraded catholic church on the joke he calls a show catholics should boycott hbo. get in. get it done. get it done right. get out. my father fred c. trump. you have to have a good reason for doing what youre doing because people connect with the why. midas touch. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. our ego gives us a sense of purpose. think like a champion. pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - aristotle. @kennethsmithmd: @realdonaldtrump i am a new independent business owner with acn and just watched the interview with darren hardy...awesome. @ollact: @realdonaldtrump to quote your own father is awesome and he is oh so right! thank you fred my father was a great guy and teacher. @buhlebabe: rt @realdonaldtrump: pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work. - aristotle! @jeromeister: really @realdonaldtrump are you sure every penny of the 7 billion going to africa as per obama will be stolen . just 97 . @smoss319: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! xosm mosscreativemediagroup thank you susan! @dwangpow so true! @dalynxbk: is it true @realdonaldtrump @forbes: ugandan mogul ashish thakkar says that donald trump is ignorant about africa i m right! @sebuliba: @forbes: ugandan mogul ashish thakkar says that donald trump is ignorant about africa wrong if anything it s worse than i say. @durangorick thank you:-. @pourquoipas20 good idea will create one. @mike12currin: @realdonaldtrump how much money did fred leave u to start ur empire? a small fraction of what i ve created and built! @jefepinal: @realdonaldtrump is a fucking genius. true! @famousumair that s great! @dzeroseven wrong! @bornagain8344 will they pay us for the help-they have plenty of money oil . @l jackson 78: @realdonaldtrump welp. mr trump you won t respond to me so i m gonna just try to talk to richer people than you.aren t many! @farmcrayzee: @realdonaldtrump every penny i live in south africa they steal everything and anything! @hawksfandenver: @realdonaldtrump what is the best way to grow money when not starting with much? marry a rich person! @maaattyb: @realdonaldtrump are you in aberdeen just now? how is the course looking? fantastic! @tbclem2: @realdonaldtrump where will dwight howard sign? will he join your pal @mcuban the best fit for him would be houston! @kennymacaskill1 thanks! @pskibbe: @realdonaldtrump saw editorial on tv. forcing whites out of their properties & throwing them into the streets with nothing. @kennymacaskill1: @realdonaldtrump my lives less than a mile don t the road he and all of balmedie are big fans #fact2 #kingtrump thanks. @fastfranky5: @realdonaldtrump if u don t run for president who would be ur best next choice ??? #concerned lets see how it plays out. oil prices just went over 100 per barrel for first time in nine months! wow obama care just got delayed by over a year because it is so complicated it cannot be understood - the beginning of the end! @kingjonnie1: @realdonaldtrump wish you would host apprentice uk! be great to see a real business genius rather than a dull grumpy grey one. he would be crazy to play in l.a. - really bad coach who can t adjust to his players! @tazzydevil13: @realdonaldtrump when will we every catch a break ? only with new and smart leadership! nice article on trump links at ferry point in today s new york post - the construction is going really well! i just arrived in miami where i will be checking out construction of the brand new trump national doral - always closely watch construction! @lbenson3 you re right it s beautiful--thanks! via @nypost: trumps links getting green. in 2011 i said that mubarak never should have been ousted because whoever replaces him will be worse. obama made a mistake. stop and frisk works. instead of criticizing @ny police chief ray kelly new yorkers should be thanking him for keeping ny safe. obama-putin moscow meeting on 9.3-4 on the agenda 2013 trump @missuniverse pageant in moscow on 11.9 on @nbc! our trade deficit just jumped in may to the second-highest level on record fair trade not free trade. i told you. @farm mom so true! @4eversharkie: #ihatethefactthat @trumpcasinos serves #sharkfinsoup and @realdonaldtrump could be a hero and stop it! you like sharks? @josephmcasey: why would @history ever choose @realdonaldtrump to discuss the industrial revolution. #facepalm because they are smart! @towerrecordsprj: @realdonaldtrump any memory of you and tower records founder russ solomon? a good guy and fine tenant. leaving miami-trump national doral will be great! @benbrice7: @realdonaldtrump how s progress on the scottish golf course coming along? #interested finished and great. sorry folks i m just not a fan of sharks - and don t worry they will be around long after we are gone. sharks are last on my list - other than perhaps the losers and haters of the world! @numerologynow: @realdonaldtrump u r rich because your #daddy left u with 400 million. i only wish my daddy left me 400m loser-now over 10b. @krisztinao: @realdonaldtrump where we going??? if our leaders don t get nuclear weapons under control the sharks won t have us to eat! @tunisieaffaires: honestly --- @realdonaldtrump is a model to follow when it comes to the business world thank you! @ninetek then why do you follow me like a little puppy moron? @mikedgarrison: judge orders miss pennsylvania to pay donald trump 5m in defamation case. @realdonaldtrump hits. @john923: @realdonaldtrump i agree...but what have you done lately? more than ever before! @mishaforever: @realdonaldtrump @mikedgarrison fuck yeah! she should have to pay! she said some really bad and stupid things. @mathemagicianuk: @realdonaldtrump @numerologynow. i m pretty sure it was like 10m. to turn that into 10b clearly shows he s good! my son @erictrump and @laraleayunaska just announced their engagement. great news! a wonderful couple! @asadtmoosvi: @realdonaldtrump what s one advice you d give to an aspiring entrepreneur? work hard and love what you do-never give up! @mistressleesa: @realdonaldtrump @asadtmoosvi and if you love what you do it doesn t feel like work! 100 true-it s like a vacation! @michaelmu: @realdonaldtrump thats such a clich!! you can do better than that! but it is so true and will never change. @ctobin22: @realdonaldtrump any advise for battered paula dean? her ship has been sinking .. she must get back to work & stop apologizing! @robstylz: one of my all time favorite episodes of fresh prince is the one with @realdonaldtrump #classic. @sirtyro: @realdonaldtrump how do you keep energy high & positive mind when it feels like you re failing in business? never think failure. the arab spring is not working out so well-nice name bad results! @zacharyzermay: @realdonaldtrump i just find it hilarious how you screwed gaddafi. too bad our country can t do the same! @sirtyro thank you! @lulabel3766 but paula handled it very poorly! @evan olson: @realdonaldtrump pitiful windmills are horrendous-the people of scotland hate them! @trapp era: a bottle of wine reading @realdonaldtrump :art of the deal jamming jay z ....perfect night! very cute! @lillyzart: @realdonaldtrump @ctobin22 mr donald trump is one of the most intelligent business men alive. thank you! @michaelmu: @realdonaldtrump how important do you think college is? especially during these times.. very important. @oralobgyn: @realdonaldtrump @ctobin22 good timing for paula dean to go public and lots of lawsuits. where s her lawyer? asleep? asleep! @dandeloof: @realdonaldtrump any idea where dwight howard is going? he will.do best in houston! to all of those who asked i predicted two weeks ago and again last night that dwight howard would go to houston.do i get congrats-insight? dwight howard just signed with houston. @m i c h a e l m: @realdonaldtrump you are a very handsome man i know but the haters and losers never give me credit for that! too bad. @stevemit30: @realdonaldtrump everyone knew he was going to houston - bullshit loser most thought lakers or dallas! @drunkrhino great! @markmcgrath87: @realdonaldtrump you have a cunty demeanor. true! @fauxandyluck: .@realdonaldtrump literally everyone knew that since the playoffs started. wrong! @christinejude thanks christine very nice! @nsprad: @realdonaldtrump @stevemit30 donald stick to business and politics. i will! @mzk51matt: @realdonaldtrump what trump landmark can i take my 8 year old to in nyc for his first visit? #bigtrumpfan trump tower5th ave. @gzervs: @realdonaldtrump why would howard ever want to play for the loser owner cuban ? i guess he didn t! @linro 2: @realdonaldtrump when are you going to buy a pro sports team? too many other things to do! @jzxtreme: @realdonaldtrump donald trump the only man that can be president and make this country turn a profit for once. go trump! @kimberlyaroach: @realdonaldtrump should run for president. he d have my vote. thanks. for all of those that were hoping i was wrong and this is a very unimportant subject to me dwight howard just officially announced houston. @beccapiano thank you becca. @debtampa: @realdonaldtrump you are never wrong? never! @inathanmcknight: @realdonaldtrump was his decision influenced by the no state tax in texas? didn t hurt! @desperatedan17: @realdonaldtrump @evan olson did u hear about the white throated pintails demise at the hands of the wind turbine? yes. @ruffff2 thanks-a great place! @craig longislnd thanks craig. @viles atc: @realdonaldtrump i m in charlottesville where is your winery? right nearby - just ask directions. @jm fig: @realdonaldtrump any prediction if the nyy will be in 1st again? no they will not! @rcassedy: @realdonaldtrump im begging.... please run for president and fix this mess.. --and it can be fixed thanks. @eamyoncanoe: @realdonaldtrump monnin was given an opportunity i d give anything to have and in exchange she went for the cheap shot! true. @therealkurse so true! @julismilesinc: @realdonaldtrump imagine if we all became masters @ having fun while getting things done? @jaymztyler: @realdonaldtrump you are awesome and hopefully enough people realize it when it s time to vote. #trump2016 thank you! @concal: @realdonaldtrump up before 7 on a saturday. that s why you re a winner. thanks but.much more because of the.brain! @mikomuhfucka: @realdonaldtrump doesn t show enough compassion to ever really be considered a presidential candidate. i have great comp --. @lmowle: @realdonaldtrump my grandaughter stacey7 is ill with cancer need to raise 500k pls rd hlp & rt. @thegrumpyhusky: @realdonaldtrump please run for president america needs you and your leadership. i believe you can restore this country! @therealmlw: @realdonaldtrump you are such a role model for me! you re the best mr. trump. thank you! @nicko7785: @realdonaldtrump @trumpsoho amazing time in nyc best city in the world with the best hotel! u made our trip!.. great. just heard that the great golf week magazine named my trump international golf course-scotland the best modern day golf course in the world! @golfweekmag - thank you for trump scotland honor! @mattgallows: @realdonaldtrump if you were to become president could you make this country financially successful? absolutely! @johnnyboob2: @realdonaldtrump what do you think of the recent job numbers suggesting the economy is back on track? false hope. @mwitchie44: @realdonaldtrump @mattgallows what r u waiting for ?u got my vote ! god knows we need someone to get in there & fix it! thanks. would seem that plane landed short of runway in san francisco! @kormylo: @realdonaldtrump in my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016 - our country needs you! we sure need somebody-fast! @mrdannynoonan: @realdonaldtrump if a democrat did a great job as president would you admit it? yes! @hennessey kyle: @realdonaldtrump i would vote for you in a second. great american that would get this country back on track. thank you. @chuckesquivel: rt @realdonaldtrump @kormylo: @realdonaldtrump in my opinion you have a duty to run for president in 2016. @alextallitsch: i wonder if @realdonaldtrump is going to make any more plane crash jokes? what are you talking about-i never made a joke. @ricardohernang: just bought @realdonaldtrump s success from macy s and brought it to costa rica. fantastic product. go get them! anderson silva just got knocked out by new champion chris weidman! congrats to chris. @chrisopherdavis true and thanks! @p6jeff: @realdonaldtrump picked up my 7th trump tie today!! great! @andy murray fantastic job by @andy murray a true champion who showed tremendous courage and determination! amazing. @usaf classy guy: @arseniohall sept 9 2013...who will be first? i am sure @realdonaldtrump could be on that list arsenio will choose! @beaumontanthony: @realdonaldtrump thank you for your investment in the uk mr trump thank you! @kayjaybutton yeah blame me moron! @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump why don t you invest in the usa since you re the greatest patriot? i do big league! @hussienskaiky: @realdonaldtrump @drake4444444 trump chicago new york miami vegas and the list goes on and on thanks! @chayalimbodedim thank you. besides an award winning golf course @trumpgolfla features exquisite estates on top the palos verdes peninsula. in anticipation of obamacare part-time jobs are surging & full-time jobs are falling and becoming scarce. @marcocompagno you are probably correct i am too honest to be a good politician! isnt it ironic that a lot of the wealthy environmentalists use private jets and fight wind farms being placed near their property? @ptr2mm thanks. we should not cut any aid to egypt. their country is in chaos and now they must form a normal civil government. via @breitbartnews @biggovt by @mboyle1: exclusive: never-aired apprentice parody of trump firing obama. @brandideator the art of the deal is a good start. if you think big you will encounter big setbacks from time to time. what really matters is how you respond to them. - think big. @lee renn1 thanks. @theoclass true. @nataliejeeaann great! @stenbizzle @tomdoggy thanks--has been great for scotland. @l100ran thanks! @lexgates we built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world...bringing business to scotland. @kylejkrantz true! remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive. - think like a champion. @jackoloughlin thanks. the pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity and the optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - pres. lincoln. @dimasmoosa thank you. @jreid1973 she was great! @beaumontanthony true and thanks! @vexnerd i did a great thing for scotland! @stenbizzle @tomdoggy true and thanks. @paulcrouch22 thank you! @cowpokes6369: @realdonaldtrump any word on if celeb apprentice is coming back for 7th season? please give us the good news. yes! based on john sweeney s lousy reputation we are airing large parts of the interview that were not shown- enjoy! was not mentioned that we built one of the great golf courses in the world- bringing tremendous business to scotland. @cougar ku: @realdonaldtrump please run for president mr. trump! the phonies will run the other way! interesting! @jasonmorgan066: @realdonaldtrump i m staying at the trump hotel in vegas this week. let me just say it is amazing! i love it! thanks! @michael adair: @realdonaldtrump the course is magnificent dt ! you can t stop progress!! @sebastien la: i aspire to be like @realdonaldtrump the man is a genius. true but thanks! @cgjeezy: @realdonaldtrump donnie how does trump compare to cosmo in vegas #askdonnie far superior! @scheekster: @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfla and an awesome restaurant! thanks. @bobsmit98038199: @realdonaldtrump don trump is gods gift to america thanks bob. @beaumontanthony: @realdonaldtrump. agree stop have a dig a donaldjtrump and instead @alexsalmond. is to blame greatest course was built! @lancebrookins: @realdonaldtrump - oh wow that course is beautiful thanks. @mslisaalevy thank you! @rickhasamartini you said you are tired - say the rest that you re lazy and dumb! be sure to check out the new projects @fundanything giving away money! a failure or setback is not a defeat. defeat is a state of mind. you are defeated only when you accept defeat. think big. with spitzer & anthony weiner running for office new york is pervert central! pathetic. too bad @morningmika did not allow her interview with @spitzerfornyc to go on another few minuteswould have been interesting. trump organization s first project in india trump towers pune will epitomize inspired living and timeless elegance. you don t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. the art of the deal. its tuesday. how much money will karl rove waste today trying to push amnesty through the house? pakistani intelligence had full knowledge that bin laden was living in abbottabad. they were sheltering him. must read editorial co-written by @weeklystandard editor william kristol & @nro editor @richlowry kill the bill. winners never quit and quitters never win. - vince lombardi. .@time magazine should definitely pick david pecker to run things over there - he d make it exciting and win awards! what took investigators so long to interview the pilots of asiana san fran crash? why no drug tests for pilots-they were really off . the san fran crash was totally the pilot s fault - may be too late for drug testing ridiculous! @flyingcolours66 thanks it has been amazing! it probably was not drugs that caused the san fran crash but why aren t they testing - who knows? @c c saunders: @realdonaldtrump my dad played the new scotland course today left me a vm put the trump course on your list must play. @newnonny: @realdonaldtrump um... how the hell do you know??? because i m very smart dummy! @marcusmyers1: @realdonaldtrump @jenlloyd10 @saintnicoleross mr trump pilots fault or the airlines for lack of training ? probably both! @s gosper: @realdonaldtrump he s a foreign pilot. we couldn t drug test him even if we wanted to! you must be kidding! @articmink: @realdonaldtrump just what i needed to hear. love to be a follower of @realdonaldtrump you re amazing mr trump! thanks. @realraylong: .@realdonaldtrump: you know so much about so many things - a true renaissance man. #trumpin2016 so true! - thanks. @saskatweet: @realdonaldtrump how on do you expect pilots to be after crashing a plane? who cares they caused the crash! @beaumontanthony: @realdonaldtrump at least u give a honest opinion mr trump and correct! @macdaddyeli: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016! you d be perfect for america! thanks! @markmcco: @realdonaldtrump all accidents should require a drug test. true! @talfalco: @realdonaldtrump i d vote for mr.trump every time. @trandusa: @realdonaldtrump we expect you to have some more investments in turkeyistanbul mr. trump. love istanbul! @sneasure: i ve got so much love for @realdonaldtrump. so nice thank you! @jmkjmkjmkjmkjmk: @realdonaldtrump just went on a spree at macy s four of your fantastic ties and a pinstripe shirt. great stuff love it! @macdaddyeli you are correct eliana! @hi ang3l: @realdonaldtrump my only wish in life is a follow back or a tweet from you. your my idol my inspiration! have fun! @joecodling: @realdonaldtrump your book s doing well in the uk mate. thanks. @fktrey: putting on the @realdonaldtrump tie is an essential to my morning routine that s great! @richharry10: @realdonaldtrump i cherish your boldness and confidence.....indeed you are a blessing to your generation......love you sir x. @kiki mrizqullah: @realdonaldtrump who is your inspiration? my father! eliot spitzer was a horrible governor and a.g. who ruined many good people and cost the country billions of dollars in losses and jobs . spitzer never made 10 cents on his own-he worked for his very rich father a friend of mine who never thought much of eliot as a businessman. @888maggie888: @realdonaldtrump @fktrey reading the donald tweets and wise words are essential to my morning routine. #greatest thanks m. with the two wacko perverts--spitzer and weiner--nyc politics has become a joke all over the world. @nebseb thanks. @kjclt1 thanks! @leapfrogmark bbc is a scandal ridden wasteland--a one sided piece of garbage! @joshuamelhorn thanks. the hills twitter room: trump: spitzer weiner turning new york into pervert central. @brewjo32: @realdonaldtrump reading the art of the deal again. excellent revisit great! @joselynmartinez: it was great to meet nyc icons @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump today! #nyc great meeting you! trump international hotel & tower vancouver will include vancouvers first pool bar nightclub & trump spa. .@iamstevent visited me at @trumptowerny- what a great guy! @skooogs great! @rickywatt1 thanks. looking forward to a press conference today about @adamcarolla on @fundanything movie project #roadhard. great news that @ehasselbeck will be joining @foxandfriends. elisabeth is a tremendous person and will be missed on @theviewtv. congratulations to gretchen carlson on her big move to hosting an afternoon solo show this fall on @foxnews. .@joselynmartinez is a very brave woman who caught her father s killer she visited ivanka & me at trump tower today. must read @amspec article by jeffrey lord: the ruling class liberty medal. @djrandyran happy birthday. via donald trump announces launch of his first indian project in pune. interestingthe last time a democrat succeeded a two-term democratic pres. was in 1836 when martin van buren succeeded andrew jackson. getting rid of the mortgage interest deduction would be a disaster for homeowners who have suffered enough! just as i predicted obamacare is a complete disaster which is failing on its own. may never be fully implemented. why should obamacare be delayed for businesses and not working families? with premiums rising at record levels it is not equitable. a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - dwight d. eisenhower. lying traitor snowden now claims that he did not give any information to the russians or chinese. why doesnt he come home then? derek jeters rehab assignment is progressing on schedule. he s a true @yankees captain. look forward to seeing him back on the field. do not view any failure as the end. learn your lessons quickly then move on. do not dwell on failure. start thinking big again. @rsoilers: @realdonaldtrump it s time for trump care! trump in 16! save our country! our country needs help and leadership fast. snowden has given serious information to china and russia-anyone who thinks otherwise is a dope! he is a traitor who fled-he knew the crime! @drewgoo07: @realdonaldtrump has the realest tweets out there. the man in a great american and if your not following him your missing out. @lvseven: @realdonaldtrump we share a birthday june 14 how about a rt for a huge fan and admirer. @j perc: i thought @mcuban was a closer... #guessnot i think i ll be listening to @realdonaldtrump he s a closer. @nikkio: @realdonaldtrump spitzer thinks since wiener did it - so can he. i hope the good citizens of nyc show both the door. @melindacwright: @realdonaldtrump gotta love the donald thank you melinda! @theesir zensa: @realdonaldtrump plays a huge role in what kind of a business man i would love to be.i respect him and look up to him. @iamaashka thanks it will be great. @mballance: the best birthday present would be a rt from the @realdonaldtrump 2016. @jaiidervilla thank you. .@trumpdorals record 200m renovations are on schedule. the hotel remains open for guests events and conferences. real estate is at the core of almost every business and it s certainly at the core of most people s wealth. think like a billionaire. action is the foundational key to all success. - pablo picasso. via cbswashdc: 114-year-old dc building a step closer to becoming trumps latest hotel. trumps menie golf resort enjoys bumper first year via @thescotsman. destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business so give it a chance to work. think like a champion. a woman is suing one of my businesses despite the fact that she loved her classes. our legal system is a mess. watch-. @beaumontanthony thanks! @jtfoxx true and thanks! @bg9half: @realdonaldtrump @thescotsman played the course in may and it s the best course i ve played on. incredible and an absolute joy. @rfhoganjr: new trump international scotland was better than advertised.thanks @realdonaldtrump. it & royal dornoch gems. @mikefavreece thanks! @franzthompson: @louisfanucchiiv go vote and support @realdonaldtrump at that sounds cool!!! @the obm: @realdonaldtrump managed to play some rounds at your course in scotland. possibly the best course i ve played. great job don. @mikefavreece: @realdonaldtrump your staff couldn t have been better. absolute pleasure. thank you. great! @fraserporteous2: @realdonaldtrump i took a drive to trump scotland last week- what an incredible course your built. good work trump! t. @robert macrae: next time your in scotland can we go knock down some windmills ? @realdonaldtrump and save the birds! @jewelsinlotus: @realdonaldtrump @bg9half @thescotsman amazing beautiful place!! thanks! @tcasson21: @realdonaldtrump craig ferguson called you a bad person the other day? what is your opinion of him? who is craig ferguson? @queenjess32: @realdonaldtrump you re awesome. i like you toooo-thanks! @anitanewell true! @boxybate: @realdonaldtrump: can i get a hello from a uk england fan? hello! @nate stuller: @realdonaldtrump what was your bank account lookin like at age 24? not too great! @chriscjackson: @realdonaldtrump i went to trump scotland last week and a gopher sexually assaulted my wife. after you bet she loved it! @anitanewell interesting. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump sugar is so untalented! true but he makes me money! @greatbolter: @realdonaldtrump @nate stuller you use leverage better than anyone! that s what they say! @jimdaniels jd thanks. @phoneman98: @realdonaldtrump it s time for your @wwe return!!! when will you make it happen? ask vince we have the all time record! @mister deleon: @realdonaldtrump you are a tough #sob but you have been a game-changer for years. much respect. thank you ! @ultimatefrieza: @realdonaldtrump uk s apprentice is so below par. sugar is boring to watch. watch the us version for the real deal.trump! @leighton chris thanks. @rockster62 wow! @jannyp70: @realdonaldtrump @kyleraccio stop fibbing trump you have nothing to do with uk show. ur name isn t on the credits! just profits. @chrisinspfld: @realdonaldtrump @nate stuller didn t you have some apartments in cincinnati at 24? yes. @adw5weber: @realdonaldtrump thanks for the books you ve written inspires me to take some risks and think big!! great. @ttmilano: when they ask me... who is your role model? i proudly tell them its mr @realdonaldtrump sir what u have achieved is a dream. t. @mrperfect4: @realdonaldtrump how come u only reply to compliments? because i like nice people far better than the losers and haters. @umerrizwan2: @realdonaldtrump can i get a hello for all the canadians down in ottawa ontario ? hello umer you sound like a great guy! @stanmorris: @realdonaldtrump your books especially the art of the deal are masterpieces in business literature. i m a fan sir. thanks. @sergiohed: @realdonaldtrump hey bring miss universe back to brazil again! that will happen next up moscow-november 9. @adam genato: @realdonaldtrump are there plans to bring miss universe in manila philippines soon? could happen great place to be! @rsims16: @realdonaldtrump you give me great motivation mr trump! you have done amazing things over the years! now i m on my way to the top. @stinger inc: @realdonaldtrump would you ever return to toronto? you re very much respected by all over here including myself great city. russia should hand over snowden to the u.s. but they are having too much fun taunting our leaders. i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th. @billy douglas: @realdonaldtrump would the us hand a russian over in similar circumstances? with ease and get nothing for it! @mitchwa: @realdonaldtrump agreed but why are you up so early. hopefully because you re playing golf like me this morning correct! perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back? @cakeladyconnie: @realdonaldtrump i bet the russian leaders wouldn t taunt you...just sayin they would not! @evansmsolutions good luck! @eepplin: @carterj1982 is getting married today and he s a huge fan! can you give him a rt to celebrate? @realdonaldtrump good luck! @pageantworld: @realdonaldtrump: perhaps miss usa can lure snowden back? -with her beauty for sure she will @missusa. @elianism: @realdonaldtrump oh my gosh that is so sexist ...just confirmed those pageants are solely for looks. isn t that terrible! @mzinvestigator: @realdonaldtrump @erictrump love @trumpwinery for my mom s birthday!! the best in virginia! @dbradleyri: @realdonaldtrump upcoming miss universe location - singapore -- i m calling it now that could happen! @comptontyrone: @realdonaldtrump: i wonder if traitor edward snowden will be attending the miss universe pageant in moscow on november 9th. i would invite edward snowden to be a judge at the miss universe pageant in moscow but would be concerned that he would sell results early! spitzer failed as a.g. failed as governor in disgrace and was fired on all t.v. shows boring and zero ratings and he s at it again! @philipindc: i ve finally unfollowed @realdonaldtrump i doubt it loser but if so you ll be back because you re lonely & admire genius! @mgifinc: @realdonaldtrump --- call rosie o donnell to help you. she can t help herself - she s sad angry and pathetic! @masonmugwire: @realdonaldtrump would it kill you to have a little humility now and then? probably! @thatboyflyy: @realdonaldtrump 1 of the smartest people ever..business icon thanks. @dj dfunk: can t wait to hear @realdonaldtrump speak at the pga jr. championship in a couple weeks at his course in washington dc! great. @scribe53: @realdonaldtrump @mgifinc agree about rosie. sad because she is very talented. actually she has got no talent at all-zero! @helenpferdehirt: it truly makes my day to read @realdonaldtrump s tweet responses. @kellygpiowa12: @realdonaldtrump @elianism im a woman...and i better see beauty at a beauty pageant! @domc73: @realdonaldtrump how much money do u give to charity every year ??? lots! @jacob dotson: if you don t follow @realdonaldtrump you should probably just go home. @fordbeautyqueen thanks. zimmerman is no angel but the lack of evidence and the concept of self-defense especially in florida law gave the jury little other choice. @helenpferdehirt thanks helen. @kindofabd: who would have guessed that @realdonaldtrump would be the smartest person on my news feed right now i was always the smartest! @eian bell: @realdonaldtrump i hate you with a passion but i agree with you on the zimmerman case thank you for being so nice! @bigdaddyd603: @realdonaldtrump first time i have ever agreed with you you must be kidding! @gusdoes: @realdonaldtrump wisest of all reporters thank you! @mariacapa123: @realdonaldtrump i don t understand why people hate you. it s crazy to me. people should look up to you. they do! @jamesmattiske: @realdonaldtrump the haters are just jelous because they are not successful like you the haters are losers with no guts! @fullforce098: @realdonaldtrump you just won a bleeding heart liberal s respect with that tweet. great news! @pblomgren: @realdonaldtrump it s late est. having a hard time sleeping? ur zimmerman comment was the most intelligent i ve seen yet. @sscottlilly80: @realdonaldtrump run for president we need someone to stand up china and russia. they laugh at us now. they do laugh! @shawnwhughes: @realdonaldtrump @barackobama has turned the usa into a laughing stock around the world. @jakepinz: @realdonaldtrump is a damn genius ! thank you. @sammydc8: @realdonaldtrump the donald... do you sleep?? sincerely. ..oklahoma not much. @troymeaz: @realdonaldtrump america is falling apart! we need you true and true. @freshwessywes: @realdonaldtrump youre awesome!!! thanks. @luuuucy15 : @realdonaldtrump hey i really love you and you re awesome thanks lucy. @ milfncookies: @realdonaldtrump i wanna do naughty things to u emelie behave i am not eliot spitzer. @7girl2boyperez: @realdonaldtrump ross perot had the right idea but not your brains or balls mr trump. @jaytotheford: @realdonaldtrump how did you like espn 30 30 on usfl? a total piece of garbage by a third rate producer who hated djt. @alyona polishuk: @realdonaldtrump @jamesmattiske brilliant answer! i think it s the best tweet i have ever read. @jomaraneta: @realdonaldtrump i m a small business owner in nj..not easy but you inspire me to try harder and be successful.. thank you.. @jbazkmorton: @realdonaldtrump. i find myself respecting you more everyday!! 2016? thank you. @petey0715: love him or hate him you have to admire his genius and candor @realdonaldtrump. #keepingitreal. thank you. @desktodesk7: @realdonaldtrump i m hoping the history books read donald trump led america out of it s darkest times . wow very nice! @lorraine0914: @realdonaldtrump the people that don t like you just wish they were you! i adore you and your beautiful family! thanks l. @brooklynvd: @realdonaldtrump is my favourite person on twitter. thank you-my honor! @andre c26: went into your hotel on 5th avenue today it s amazing. #nicejob @realdonaldtrump thanks. @milescstewart: @realdonaldtrump finally someone tells it how it is. agree with you 100. my @foxandfriends int. on the zimmerman trial & verdict courage of the jury and reactions! via @411mania: donald trump comments on a return to wrestling. all nyc needs is the mentally unstable elliot spitzer in office again. eliot spitzers illegal frivolous & over reaching harassment of hank greenberg at aig played a major part in 2008 financial meltdown. be careful sexting pervert anthony weiner is upping his campaigning. when will new pictures be released? ready to get mad?! we are sending foreign aid to china our greatest threat we are financing our enemy. obamacare will cost 3 times as much as obama promised 2.6t it is not sustainable. h t @gatewaypundit. now a-rod doesnt even show up to his single-a rehab games. maybe the @yankees will get lucky and @mlb will suspend a-rod. learn work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction. think like a champion. obama will eventually approve the keystone xl pipeline--has to happen but it is very late! @sharky 88: @realdonaldtrump i wake up ever day and go to work and pray for this country to get back on track. wish you would run! @gamecockmtm1967: @realdonaldtrump please don t tease us again..run in 2016.....please i never tease--but thanks! @michaelkaye 3: @foxandfriends on monday mornings is my favorite because of @realdonaldtrump they are great people! @yet another day: @realdonaldtrump who s your home run derby winner? perhaps davis! @pixxxxxiedust yes danielle a great chance. @jakengarman: @realdonaldtrump your buildings were used in tower heist & the dark knight rises are they in any other movies? many! a brand is not a logo. a brand is the promise you put out there and the experience you deliver. midas touch. just found out that at a charity auction of celebrity portraits in e. hampton my portrait by artist william quigley topped list at 60k. i am not available to be in @adamcarolla s new movie #roadhard.bit.ly roadhardmovie. because i will be busy doing anything other than being in the movie #roadhard. had a great time on @ingrahamangle this morning. via @thestreet by @swan investor: trump tees up another hole in one in scotland. trump: zimmerman trial traumatic period for country @newsmax media. @trace barden good luck. @underworldfilms thank you! @john monteforte thank you. @menyhoffman great and thanks. @sandy070707 thanks. most of the time you will need to work hard and stay focused to get to the top and then work even harder to stay there. -think big. consumer prices rose in june due to opec opec continues to rip off hard working american families daily. .@arceepalabrica @realdonaldtrump midas touch is the manual for entrepreneurs who want to succeed. thanks for sharing your knowledge. do whatever it takes to improve your public-speaking skills. youll absolutely need them. midas touch. traitor snowden has requested asylum in russia. why would russia grant it? snowden already gave them all the intel he stole! @not that actor interesting! @aduanepotter do not give up--you will make it! @jaime rg think like a billionaire. by: @realdonaldtrump. a must-read. @ajshaw1003 great! @ugolf ross perhaps. pray for great leadership! @jesussogameeer i promise. @austinsaysthat true! weiner and spitzer are on top of the latest polls. a sad day for the greatest city on earth! they will spend lots of time together. @jonyeong don t be a fool. @iridemarta: @realdonaldtrump please save our country before its too late!! president trump sounds perfect thanks. @mysticwolf12001 thanks. @daveetzler @realdonaldtrump love your ties at macy s. receive many compliments. -- thanks they are amazing! he who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - muhammad ali. give a lot of credit to carlos beltran for developing into a terrific baseball player and total winner for the cardinals-great going carlos! @clareaurelio: @realdonaldtrump @gamecockmtm1967 run!!! or this country will turn out like ancient rome! perhaps so not good! @polatseck thanks! @yet another day: @realdonaldtrump now after that home run derby performance... who s your pick to win the all star game tonight? american. @markodero32 interesting. @markacay: @realdonaldtrump @michaelkaye 3 @foxandfriends all red necks & bigots. actually very smart & a terrific public service-truth! @chillychillman: @kieronfowler @realdonaldtrump the man is a legend very nice! @ynotgolfguy: @realdonaldtrump must be nice to be above it all and have no real life concerns. please enjoy yourself while we worry. i wish. @ben24h: @realdonaldtrump what do you think about mike trout? one of best young players ever! @jmonaski1 sad! @aatl5112012: @realdonaldtrump please run for president so we finally have a chance at living a normal life again. #trump4pres. @carlosbeltran15 great job-you are a terrific player! @humberto1731: @realdonaldtrump give a lot of credit to miguel cabrera too.. totally. @alejandro12386: @realdonaldtrump how to get rich. incredible book. im trying to understand deeply that book. @flebotomy: @realdonaldtrump how does this make you feel? #boycottrollingstone rolling stone magazine sucks! @beagle5iver: @realdonaldtrump every played muirfield?and who s your pick for the open? tiger phil ernie or justin rose. @datdudehead: @realdonaldtrump mr trump would open up the keystone pipeline if he were prez bc he makes things happen. #trump2016 true. @russellcochran thanks. american league wins! @brian legit: @realdonaldtrump whose your mvp? mariano. @rogerrainier: .@nathsky good to hear. that s what this article says too. did you see this? yes really nice story! @rogerrainier: it seems like @realdonaldtrump s #golf course in scotland is getting great reviews! i really must go! @vinnipuncture great idea i will ask her! @aerith1: .@piersmorgan .@realdonaldtrump i will be watching .@lord sugar tomorrow. tell him to keep the money coming my way! @imuncircum5ized: @bman2095 my heroes are either @realdonaldtrump or @mark wahlberg mark is a great guy and good golfer . @j4k9flatley: @realdonaldtrump can i get a happy 21st birthday wish from you? huge fan of you and the apprentice. feeling sorry for yourself is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have. dale carnegie. be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. @dszippit very nice question thank you danny. @owenkopitekavan @realdonaldtrump i just finished reading think like a champion i loved it... thanks and good luck. @brikmilleredg you will love it! @pliztef i like being nice to people. @terrell87 @realdonaldtrump i read your book: trump 101 the way to success and i absolutely love it. thanks good luck! trump tees up another hole in one in scotland. @dolla1125 it s the sense of achievement along the way. @koneslager @realdonaldtrump - just finishing midas touch...thank you so much for the great knowledge and wisdom in the book thx. @funnyjs great thanks! @shawnwhughes thanks. @lakotadlustig good luck! @jrmarsy rolling stone is just another dying magazine that sucks! @espnradio my great honor! @jocelynclervil @espn colin thanks. @prgirl817 way to go @realdonaldtrump for the big donation to the #vauction thanks. mariano rivera is one of top @yankees of all time. greatest closer of all time. a true warrior. last night s mvp award well-deserved. fun fact for my 2m followers - the architect karl rove blew 400m in the 2012 election with a success rate of 1.6 . @francaselles thank you. @cmcoe have fun! .@jacknicklaus has done a great job as the architect of my new golf course at ferry point. nyc is very proud! @preppermeister @eastsiderj thanks. @b3kz0r many people agree! only in america can a jihadi thug who murdered women and children be nursed back to health & then get a @rollingstone cover. the 2013 trump @missuniverse pageant comes to moscow on november 9th. airing from crocus city hall on @nbc! .@missusa erin brady is doing a fantastic job representing trump miss usa. smart gorgeous--a really positive force! .@israelipm @netanyahu is a resolute leader. when he sets a red line it stands! the zimmerman trial is over. it is time to move on. while zimmerman is no angel he was acquitted and should be able to move on. sometimes people spend too much time focusing on problems instead of focusing on opportunities - think like a champion. @vinnipuncture: @realdonaldtrump i hope you will include @mariasharapova as one of the judges for the upcoming miss universe 2013 in moscow. @cameroon1974: @realdonaldtrump so excited to see the trump brand coming to vancouvercanada!! gonna be awesome for our city!! huge welcome. @jeremyhl: @realdonaldtrump - your #chicago tower really sparked a riverwalk revival! #thankyou thanks. @paulaj65: @realjobetalk @realdonaldtrump if u hate mr trump why r u following commenting on him? i m a big fan of his!!! @dillsmama13: @realdonaldtrump what is your feeling about rolling stone magazine putting the bomber on the front cover? boycott! sad thing is rolling stone was is a dead magazine with big downward circulation and now for them at last people are talking about it! don t talk about rolling stone magazine but most importantly don t buy it. this degenerate killed and maimed so many wonderful people! @deborahnorville: it is sooo hot in new york today. just walked past trump tower where the door was open. tnx @realdonaldtrump thank you d. isn t it crazy that people of little or no talent or success can be so critical of those whose accomplishments are great with no retribution. @politigal2012: hey @realdonaldtrump how come no #globalwarming #climatechange talk this week? heat 10 years ago was far worse! @rhino848484: @realdonaldtrump how do you feel about the rolling stone cover hitting stores this weekend? boycott & cancel subscriptions. enthusiasm is a vital element in individual success. conrad hilton. we all have the capability to read or sense what s happening with others. it can often give you the edge cont. time is on your side things do not continue downward forever. - think big. why is the @gop congress focusing on amnesty when so many americans are unemployed? .@gop congress needs to actually defund obamacare not waste time passing non-binding resolutions. .@bigstack19 @realdonaldtrump does anyone actually read rolling stone anymore? guess they had to create cont. @rhino848484 my honor. go to @macys now to see the incredible new selection of trump signature collection ties shirts and suits. .@youngmman @realdonaldtrump conrad hilton was a great man but barron hilton is a dope. wrong on barron! must watch owner of a single restaurant anticipates that obamacare will cost over 1m for compliance. with an award winning course designed by tom fazio trump national philadelphia is a 360 acre exclusive jewel. congratulations to @kingjames on winning athlete of the year in last nights @espys. lebron is also a great guy! the feds pumping is great news in the short term but it cant last forever. be prudent in your market investing. @trumpphillygm @realdonaldtrump you have truly elevated this club to another level. we thank you! thanks! @vinceritch thanks. the most important political office is that of the private citizen. - justice louis d. brandeis. @thompson dustin the art of the deal. one thing ive learned about the press is theyre always hungry for a good story the more sensational the better. - art of the deal. @algiers4 thanks--say hi to mikey. @cloverc8 thanks. labor disgraces no man unfortunately you occasionally find men who disgrace labor. - gen. ulysses s. grant. i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight interview with bill o reilly on @foxnews at 8 p.m. repeated at 11 p.m. @joselynmartinez thank you joselyn. whether you love like or hate donald trump i will be on bill o reilly fox tonight at 8.00. bill knows trump is great for ratings! for the disciples of global warming in 150 summers years there have been 20 heat waves as bad or worse than current-this has happened b4! @michael farkas: @realdonaldtrump can all these people replying please explain why it was so cold last winter? on bill o reilly in 5 minutes! re-run of o reilly on fox now! i don t believe you have to be better than everybody else. i believe you have to better than you ever thought you could be. - ken venturi. be flexibly focused. focus does not mean being narrow-minded or rigid. think big. @jdaddy98 never give up gives an overview of projects & problems solved. @elbatata ok the art of the deal is a good introduction. if you want to conquer fear don t sit home and think about it. go out and get busy. - dale carnegie. in @oreillyfactors no spin zone re: obamacare causing unemployment negotiating with china & my 5m court win. @mgseneca he was a great friend of mine--loyal guy. @yashkandhari @realdonaldtrump sir your tweets are truly motivational! thanks a lot thank you. ranked nationally in @golfmagazine s top 100 trump int l golf club in palm beach is a 27 hole masterpiece. .@andreatantaross radio show is a great addition to talk radio. she is sharp talented & great sense of humor. congratulations. detroit is going through very hard times right now.. if they are smart brighter days are ahead. @cleovienraytaba could happen. @jeff miller thanks. .@as scienceguy @realdonaldtrump thank you for all your support of @autismspeaks great new breakthroughs. fantastic! @tmwood8 @foxnews thanks. @coolioneal thanks. some good news for new york weiner has dropped 12 points in the polls & that is before more of the perverts old texts are released. important editorial by john faso in @nydailynews: spitzers reckless leadership. our gdp has been growing less than 2 for the last 5 years. obamacare will slow us down even more. has to be repealed. great read by @vdhanson: mexico s hypocrisy is evident in its own strict policy toward immigrants. going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision. think big. @theahmadhassan: @realdonaldtrump sir your tweets are the best tweets really inspiring i love them thank you! @graciferia: @realdonaldtrump i think you are great. can t wait for celebrity apprentice starts again! best show on tv! thanks! @james0479: @realdonaldtrump gotta say #apprentice is the only reality show i never miss! consistently flawless programming thanks. @jimmy mac1964: @realdonaldtrump please run for president.. we need a true leader... this country needs a trump makeover. @seanmcquade: @acliffe @realdonaldtrump jealous of his success ? sean don t waste your time on these losers-they have nothing going! @josiahjames17: need more people like @realdonaldtrump in this country who get the job done and don t sugar coat things. @madkins79: @realdonaldtrump hey donald we love you in florida! florida is great! @quickerwit: when @realdonaldtrump speaks people should listen. thanks. @cpartridge11: @realdonaldtrump you re my role model ever since 6th grade .work hard clay. the ties shirts and suits at macy s are doing fantastically well-check out the new designs and low prices-nothing better! also the donald j. trump signature mattress from serta is doing record business-call serta and see why! @bufordta2003: i hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president he is what our country needs to get or economy going thanks! @barrman: @realdonaldtrump you are awesome! cant wait for next season of celebrity apprentice.hope you run for president in 2016 thanks! @erikjhalvorsen yes! @missuniversnews: @realdonaldtrump i love you thanks and keep up the great work-on to moscow. @ericabigelow: i ll be old enough to vote during the next presidential election...and i really hope that @realdonaldtrump is on the ballot. @sofia mozek: why @realdonaldtrump isn t sitting in the oval office now is a mystery to me. will be on fox & friends in 3 minutes-7.00 a.m. @not that actor a terrible situation. @mikepicardi101: @realdonaldtrump i won t wear anything else! you have to look successful to be successful! thanks for the awesome line! @qqueenllouise: @realdonaldtrump they put u on so early! shows disrespect! no 7.00 is the best time for morning television. @christineinsatx: @realdonaldtrump morning donald from texas the longhorn state. god bless you. texas is great! @freeman gadsden: @realdonaldtrump @qqueenllouise anytime the donald is on is the best time for television thanks. @geoff911: @realdonaldtrump #theartofthedeal changed my life. thank you. great. apple is finally considering a large screen for the i-phone-they better get moving fast. when i told them to do this last year they scoffed. china is building 50 brand new airports while our country continues to rott! very sad. 500 of the most vicious prisoners escaped from an iraq prison today. that country is a time bomb waiting to happen-a total corrupt mess! china is taking the oil from iraq after we spent 1.5 trillion dollars and thousands of lives for their freedom . our leaders are so stupid! @page08 true! @poppjoe: @realdonaldtrump i ve been to shanghai airport and its amazing. we are 3rd world no direction from our president. sad. @1 car guy: @realdonaldtrump uhm weren t you one of the voices supporting bush s invasion of iraq? no. baseball player ryan braun turned out to be a total con man after so vociferously proclaiming his innocence only to be guilty as.hell! @ourjuicejourney: @realdonaldtrump plz run for prez!!! you would win!!! thanks for the confidence! word is that they have far more evidence on a-rod than they have on ryan braun! alex is over. weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. --albert einstein. if you ve got some problems today that s a good sign--that s life. so give them some thought and make the most of the situation. @rickymadsen @heidimads @oprah happy anniversary heidi! @scottferrall thanks. ginrnnr2 @realdonaldtrump ...is china economy in a bubble ? only if we want it to be! @ashleyemom23 happy birthday! @yashkandhari @realdonaldtrump i ll say it again your tweets are very motivational & inspiring. thank you so much thank you. 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanama is the countrys first five star development. a masterpiece. detroits bankruptcy could just be the start many municipalities across us are over-leveraged & losing citizens. no surprise serial sexter anthony continues to be a sick pervert. he was sexting a young girl last summer. phil mickelsons final 66 round in @the open was amazing. congrats on his well-deserved win. amazing competitor & a great guy! this is the summer of box office bombs. who is green lighting this garbage? the scripts are terrible. great read: hollywood can kiss adam corolla s ass he s going trump funding via @upstartbusiness. national review online: kristin davis s libertarian tough love. .@arod is back on the dl. the coming suspension will be announced soon by @mlb. according to @pewresearch illegal immigrants favor dems 8:1 @gop pushing amnesty. do they have death wish. to be a visionary and to be a billionaire you have to chase impossibilities. few ever get rich easily. think like a billionaire. @stephendoody3 @realdonaldtrump do you think anthony weiner deserves a 3rd chance? no. @sepamu @rainnwilson citizen kane gone with the wind the good the bad and the ugly etc. @rexrode lisa @realdonaldtrump you date girls young enough to be your daughter.that s perverted dated. no that s talent. @jeffldye @realdonaldtrump visually the best golf course i have ever played! trump international golf links. thanks. i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 10 pm. @realjamesscott: @realdonaldtrump what are your thoughts on weiner s press conference? wiener is seriously sick and will never change! as i told everyone once before wiener is a sick puppy who will never change-100 of perverts go back to their ways. sadly there is no cure. @anbmjb: @realdonaldtrump you have so much confidence. have you always had it and what is your advice for trying to find my own win! @sensa328: @realdonaldtrump @realjamesscott i can t believe that in 1 week i heavily agree with you again....yikes! isn t it amazing? @kimekime19: @realdonaldtrump people will someday listen to you i hope it s not too late! @presidentstevie not when you are running for mayor! @pmpatl: @realdonaldtrump you need to run in 2016!!! thanks. @menasseu: @realdonaldtrump i ll be richer than you when i reach your age! #dreambig great go for it! @nickwvaughn: all i m asking is for @realdonaldtrump to tweet me. remember anthony wiener continued sending sick pics. long after his resignation from congress and his apology-zero control over himself! on anthony wiener i told you so! @beagle5iver: @realdonaldtrump going to watching canadian open this week?maybe few tour players will visit trump toronto! great! @kev1009: @realdonaldtrump are you building a condo in manila philippines? if so should i invest? yes-yes. @a manadrian: @realdonaldtrump best twitter follow! commentary logical & to the point ! thanks! @exclusivelydee: @realdonaldtrump i mean really ... weiner & spitzer?!? what is new york coming to!!!! talk about global embarrassment! @makenzie means: i remember when @realdonaldtrump said #anthonyweiner would do this again! love it! @rspnp0712: @realdonaldtrump you for president! thanks. @aarnold1877: @letti4u @realdonaldtrump he could be blackmailed while in power to cover up this crap. that s why it s a big deal. @realjosepineda: @realdonaldtrump on the fresh prince!! classic episode. @jerzfukc: honestly @realdonaldtrump been one of my role models ever since i was 9 years old. i still look up to him and want to meet him. @josephmouser: @realdonaldtrump get it right its carlos danger even the last name wiener uses is sick! @voipdata: how about eliot spitzer? will you say the same ? @realdonaldtrump: on anthony wiener i told you so! eliot is also sick! @ryan moy: @realdonaldtrump i remember this episode. hair still looks great! @mexicoindie: @realdonaldtrump if only the world would listen to more of what you have to say everything would be better. i am doing greta tonight on fox - talking about obama care and pervert anthony wiener! 10 p.m. @jshamie: @realdonaldtrump can i get a rt for the hatzahlah charity golf outing tomorrow at trump national colts neck? @dskoon152 part2: doing greta tonight ... i bet her husband is pissed at you ! @realdonaldtrump yes but she is very happy! @followheidi: @realdonaldtrump every major city in the world has one of your buildings correct? the more i travel the more i see... @paul4prolife: @realdonaldtrump gotta give u credit about calling the weiner issue in advance thank you! @mattastro: wish they d name the royal baby after @realdonaldtrump great idea after having built the greatest golf course in the world! @azhar siddique: @realdonaldtrump how about the uk? any expansion plans here? #thinkbig yes big plans! @cr7oned: @realdonaldtrump people are going to trash you even though you were right! sickens me thank you and wiener will do it again! @craftmonroe: @realdonaldtrump you were very right about weiner as always. @winpropp: @realdonaldtrump @paul4prolife you have frequently been a great judge of character very important for success in life thanks. @dursonator: @realdonaldtrump you are my hero thank you! @erita234: @realdonaldtrump i really do respect your views as a republican! great. @calebjofficial: @realdonaldtrump your wisdom surpasses all representing this country! i pray you run! thanks we can all use the prayers. @rachsolo7: i want to be just like @realdonaldtrump when i grow up #loveyoudonald #trumpforpresident go for it! @criss pena: @realdonaldtrump will prob state facts and people will get mad cause they can t handle the truth! so true! @ptcurtis: @realdonaldtrump is ny so out of touch they would vote in weiner? in this crazy world anything is possible! @ravens4life27: i wonder if i can get a birthday tweet from @realdonaldtrump for my birthday... that would be awesome! @rodmonium91: @realdonaldtrump is your war with @dannyzuker over with? who is danny zuker? @domenicgallina: @realdonaldtrump any news on a new celebrity apprentice? going forward as soon as i get the time to shoot! @delllucky13: @realdonaldtrump please help this widow who lost her veteran husband. please donate even if its a dollar. @craftmonroe: @realdonaldtrump danny zuker is irrelevant. so true! @lucasnahn thanks. @ryanrminer: @realdonaldtrump is your fued with @rosie over? no it will never end but she has become totally irrelevant! @domenicgallina: @realdonaldtrump cant wait one of the best shows on tv it will be a great season with our best cast ever! greta in a few minutes-will be interesting! @3girlsanddtrain just amazing! @jsheehangolf: why is @realdonaldtrump not running this country??? he is a genius and gets it. @missadelgado: he s a very sick puppy. he s got a perversion. - @realdonaldtrump pulling no punches re: weiner #gretawire. @chadmladwig: @realdonaldtrump great interview donald. please run for president in 2016. @t craig44: they don t have the incentive to move forward -@realdonaldtrump literally hit the nail on the head about welfare. #amen. @cphily4u: @realdonaldtrump ...you always speak the truth!!! #nobulldonald!!!! @debitking: @realdonaldtrump : i know anthony weiner and he s a real sick puppy. @full76: @realdonaldtrump wonderful job on the record ! i think you are tops! @shaun landi: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016 the only real public figure who knows how to fix this country!! true! @mikeymexico thsnk you. @lalatweetface: @realdonaldtrump we want you to run again in 2016! you d be great with picking this country back up again. @tommyfrommalden: @realdonaldtrump big fan mr. trump you re howard s most honest guest. trump 2016 ! always fun to do howard s show. @its fattony: @realdonaldtrump how is it even possible to recover from 17trillion in debt? with great.leadership it is easy! @alexmoose454 : @realdonaldtrump so!..... are you running in 2016 or no? we need you!! @waltsprincesss: @realdonaldtrump @ryanrminer @rosie she agrees with you on anthony wiener a k a carlos danger...we then agree on something. @millersandra88: @realdonaldtrump @jsheehangolf i bet if he were running this country we wouldn t be in this mess!! true-great again! @chinnis 28: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 only one i can think of to fix this spending problem. @heymaccc: i feel like the only people who hate @realdonaldtrump are people who can t handle the truth...he tells it how it is. @dstandridge92: @realdonaldtrump family is the us version of the royal family! no but thank you so much! @jmhpolitics true! bloomberg news - spain s renewable projects lead by money losing wind turbines facing bankruptcy. hopefully scotland is watching! @thecanta: @realdonaldtrump will next @wrestlemania be #trumped? only if vince wants to break our ratings and pay-per-view record! @adamogdenceo: @realdonaldtrump you are always on point with your comments! always real. thank you adam. @ajznidarsic: @realdonaldtrump when will charlotte see trump as part of the skyline? already have a great job there trump national. vattenfall the promoter of the money losing wind farm plan in aberdeen scotland just took a loss of 4.6 billion after dumb european move. @jcalcat: @realdonaldtrump give me a good reason why i shouldn t unfollow you because you can t live without.me or my extreme knowledge! @britnimacchia: @realdonaldtrump is it time for another season of celebrity apprentice yet?! very soon! @3valuedlogic: @realdonaldtrump the wall street journal believes that china will over take the us in built assets by next year. question. @abbasjaf: @realdonaldtrump well vattenfall shoulda come to you for advice. they were too arrogant and too stupid-aberdeen turbines losers. @therickyjones: @realdonaldtrump do you honestly think you could run this country beyond the financial side of things? absolutely! @adriandemers: @realdonaldtrump if you were the president how long would it take for you to erase the u.s. debt deficit? not very long! @harkiret: @realdonaldtrump i think you would make a great president of the united states because you are an amazing leader thank you! @adanthedon: @realdonaldtrump what advice would you give to someone who is really addicted to alcohol??? tough deal but can be licked-aa. @rez boom: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president i would so support him! thanks grady! @barnard sonja: @realdonaldtrump i wish i had your confidence! win win win and you will develop great confidence! @whartonmagazine: open up your linkedin account today and you may see this article about @realdonaldtrump w 68. @jess wiliem98: @realdonaldtrump i really love reading your books. you should write more books! thanks! more and more reporters are using the word trump when referring to winning--just used on bloomberg news. gee i wonder why? courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.- john wayne. watch the first #trumpvine re: anthony weiner-. .@ynberg: long term goal to be the black @realdonaldtrump 4real .great dean and you will make it! we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. think about that and develop a strategy starting today. @stevenfarris @realdonaldtrump great interview with greta! america has lost incentive! thanks and true. @acmeansbusiness thanks. @samaraomgharper thanks. why is @alexsalmond pursuing environment destroying windmills when @vattenfallgroup quit because of no cont. today obama will give another speech on the economy. tomorrow our country will still be 17t in debt with 18 real unemployment. @sonsofreagan @realdonaldtrump please post a daily #vine saying obama you re fired ! thank you! @prisih91 in love with the best book that i ever read ! @realdonaldtrump why we want you to be rich and robert kiyosaki. my @gretawire int. on obamas falling poll numbers americans losing incentive to work and weiners sexting. my comment last march - anthony weiner is a sick pervert you think he will change? he will never change. for the sake of new york city all recent sexting victims of anthony carlos danger weiner should come forward. i cant believe apple isnt moving faster to create a larger iphone screen. bring back steve jobs! looking forward to my iowa visit at @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader summit big crowd! congrats to senator mcconnell and @theteaparty nets kellen guida on yesterdays successful tea party caucus. isnt it sad that weiners first press conference with wife huma was yesterday admitting to a sext he made post-resignation & apology! entrepreneurs are all unique. one way to build a business and turn it into a brand is to know who you are. - midas touch. @cschlechta: @realdonaldtrump quick visit to best golf course in merica. when is ur next visit back to dc? great! @chiiidog: @realdonaldtrump ten years ago we had steve jobs bob hope and johnny cash. now we have no jobs no cash and no hope. @newnonny: @realdonaldtrump @craftmonroe if @dannyzuker is irrelevant why did you block him? because he is irrelevant also boring ! @alanzaniewski: @realdonaldtrump this is the best vine ever!!! @anthonyweiner thank you-another daily change to technology! i ve just started blocking out some of the repetitive and boring & dumb haters and losers. they are a waste of time and energy! @ednabateman: ...other counties are looking at us as a laughingstock. @realdonaldtrump #truth. @danscavino great! @jsheehangolf: @realdonaldtrump and @oreillyfactor need to run this country. it s not rocket science...ps can t wait to see doral! @stanmorris: @realdonaldtrump i ve never liked danny zuker. notice how he has a bunch of drones begging for jobs! he has no power over jobs. @leaheary thanks. @quinton west: @amyjwood that s because @realdonaldtrump is the man. thanks! @ednabateman: you have to get people wanting to work again and that s not what s happening in this country. @realdonaldtrump. @shelby morgan12: i feel like @realdonaldtrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country. there are no environments where you re only going to win because life just isn t like that. - bobby orr. mar-a-lago is floridas most lavish and exclusive private club and spa with world class amenities. @cccabrera10 @realdonaldtrump reading the midas touch now what an amazing source of good information. thanks. @dawson304 true! @purplerapezebra @realdonaldtrump also new products. they are going back to the pre steve jobs days. and i have stock. @mikemchale09 @realdonaldtrump wouldn t you agree that apple is falling off without visionary steve jobs? yes. don t ever think you ve done it all already or that you ve done your best. that s a shortcut to undermining your own potential. in beautiful miami inspecting the progress of @trumpdorals 250 million conversion into the country s #1 resort. trump: weiner a sick puppy that nyc doesn t need via @newsmax media. learn to think continentally. - alexander hamilton. getting ready to leave @trumpdoral and the brand new blue monster course--it s unbelievable! on the sands of playa brava waves will reflect on walls & circular architecture of trump tower punta del este. @shelby morgan12: i feel like @realdonaldtrump is the only person on my tl that has common sense when it comes to the future of our country. @btosiridesigns: @realdonaldtrump please help us achieve our goal and share the link. thank you! @drearecino: @fredrikeklundny: biggest name in real estate! @realdonaldtrump icon! thanks! the 250 million dollar construction of trump nationsl doral is coming along great. just left miami where i toured entire project.amazing! @d harris24: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to visit this location one day! keep up the great work mr. trump! thanks! @zachkrantz: @realdonaldtrump cant wait for tourney next march always good to have you on with @joeroseshow before big tournament. @andy the twit: @realdonaldtrump when will dubai be complete? under construction now-completion in two years! @luke enns: @realdonaldtrump: courage is being scared to death but saddling up anyway.- john wayne cant argue with the duke. @storaxbobac: @realdonaldtrump remember when you were in the music video on our own from #ghostbusters ii? that was awesome. yes! @anniehepburn: @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump can t wait! what a beautiful project...you re amazing too ivanka. so true! @asaadhutchinson: @realdonaldtrump #scotland is so lovely i understand your love for it. @gary j s: @realdonaldtrump do you think the rest of the country will eventually look like detroit? with bad leadership it could happen! @globogus: @realdonaldtrump you are my biggest inspiration! all the way in australia but i know you are a great american god bless thanks! @cbass7: @realdonaldtrump you are truly a man that anyone can look up to. i have the utmost respect for you a true and honest man. i try! @twiwradio: @realdonaldtrump will we ever see trump run in 2016? #askdonaldtrump. @ryan211: @realdonaldtrump hey donald is this actually you tweeting or just an assistant? me! @johntorcasio: @realdonaldtrump is what happened to detroit a good thing long term ??? it has been sliding for decades. incompetence. #trumpvine a message for @anthonyweiner-. wacko pervert @anthonyweiners idea of hispanic outreach is using carlos danger as his sexting. hes an insensitive racist. the new reality chinas demand for oil now controls the market and opec gets away with ripping us off at 105! druggie @arod is now scheming to sue the @yankees. he will go down as the biggest sports embarrassment of all time. @lindapct: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump can our country make it through 3 more years of this idiot in the wh? will not be easy! @mrrmart: @realdonaldtrump what do we have to do to get real leadership in our country? find greatness and push to victory! @cbrock14: @realdonaldtrump what do you think the best major to study in college is? follow your dreams-study what you love! the u.s. is now begging russia to give back edward snowden. in a letter they promised no death penalty for the traitor. no respect! @vin7768 thank you-work hard and good luck. @realsonnynewman they are laughing. @duncanhughes62: @realdonaldtrump the real q is how does the nsa justify using contractors whom have access to such sensitive data? so true. @tjtintman: @realdonaldtrump got engaged at @trumpchicago . staff has been amazing! glad we could have our special day here. beautiful! @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump when does apprentice finish casting? we are casting now-some great people! @fam5rock: @realdonaldtrump #snowden not a traitor. shared info with fellow americans who have a right to know about nsa snooping bullshit. @jurciuoli19: got word that celebrity apprentice has been picked up for another season! its official!! shooting next spring! @yadiranasa: @cschlechta: @realdonaldtrump quick visit to best golf course in merica. when is ur next visit back to dc? tuesday for pga. @amuller65: @realdonaldtrump do you ever see the usa once again becoming a manufacturing power?only with new & capable leadership. @bobbhewitt: @realdonaldtrump derek jeter what a return! he is the anti a-rod great leader. have you met him? he is a great guy! @kmcs1957: @realdonaldtrump what one thing would it take for you to run for president in 2016? great support! @kellypennett: @jessrogo: the only reason i came to dc for my sister s golf tournament is to see donald trump speak at the dinner thanks! @allenwronowski: @suzywhaley @thepgaofamerica @realdonaldtrump for the week # for junior pga championship is #2103juniorpga at trump dc. @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump really hoping nbc will officially announce renewal of show very soon! apprentice is casting now-season 14. @lakers305: @realdonaldtrump when is #trumpnationaldoral scheduled to b completed? can t wait 2 see da choppa in march very soon! @ olliesdaddy: @realdonaldtrump is there anyone that loves you more than yourself? probably not! @lebanesemafia24: @realdonaldtrump there will come a day when everyone will say we should have listened to donald trump. so true! @meaghan08: @realdonaldtrump ate the best steak of my life at your trump hotel in waikiki hawaii. tremendous service and menu! mahalo! @gabrielc1997: @realdonaldtrump @amuller65 with @realdonaldtrump as president usa will be back on top true! @markagiarrusso: @realdonaldtrump @kmcs1957 you will get support but you have to be serious about it and you have to stay in the race. @theotherrosie: @realdonaldtrump @kmcs1957 do you have someone you would trust to run your businesses while you were president? my kids! @twan da guy: @realdonaldtrump what advice do you have for an inspiring entrepreneur? come up with a great idea and then work your ass off. @ms landshark: @realdonaldtrump @amuller65 no i can t say i see it i don t see the u.s as a major player ever again. thanks to obama wrong. @sammy abdel: @realdonaldtrump donald speaks the truth but i guess thats a foriegn language to most of you guys! @sammy abdel: @realdonaldtrump too wanna hear the truth? listen to donald trump it s that simple. @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump if mr. trump runs for president america will get back to beating china! go trump!! @colinth21 thanks colin. @kathykphillips: @realdonaldtrump ...it s sunday night and i m missing celebrity apprentice in a bad way! we start shooting in the spring! @lazyj70: @realdonaldtrump @maathewdavis beating china and i d just like to see someone that s in it for the good of the usa. great! @cantalupoa: @realdonaldtrump please tell me another apprentice is coming !! it is! @karenh129: @realdonaldtrump @kathykphillips if u ran for president how will u get your ideas passed by senate & congress? it s leadership! @thejustinmiami the art of the deal! @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump @karenh129 @kathykphillips what do you mean if donald ran!? if he doesn t run we re sunk. @ronaldfasshauer true! @bbkdayspa: @realdonaldtrump: i m busy reading the midas touch and its so inspiring! thank you donald trump and robert kiyosaki. don t tread water. get out there and go for it. there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. @deelaney31 @realdonaldtrump besides hard work what has made you such an enormous success? i love what i do. success is not the key to happiness. happiness is the key to success. if you love what you are doing you ll be a success. - a. schweitzer. @euanhay you can have a round on me! @montoyamania a good 75 of @realdonaldtrump s tweets get favorited great! @mkasun thanks. @trumpdoral @realjoebrady it will really be amazing when complete. i m at trump national dc @trumpgolfdc watching the #2013juniorpga championship--fantastic young players! @thepgaofamerica. @aprilpole @realdonaldtrump i love your sayings..very inspirational..thank you thanks. via @thefamilyleader: donald trump to speak at the family leadership summit get tix. @chef2234 @cloutsnchara happy birthday. @pietiev thanks! once you learn to quit it becomes a habit. - vince lombardi. @jamincoolj @realdonaldtrump donald out of all the resorts you own which do you consider the best? i d better not say! @barontoutenberg @realdonaldtrump what advice would you give @anthonyweiner s wife huma? take off! @chef kayyarrdee wow--great! thanks. @ekokurn: rt @realdonaldtrump: once you learn to quit it becomes a habit. - vince lombardi. @thomripley: i got some @realdonaldtrump ties. the quality is unparalleled at that price point. @jacobocasarez @realdonaldtrump which one of your trump courses is your favorite to play? hard to say--all are fantastic. @gfgpj @thomripley thanks! negotiation tip: be patient be persistent be stubborn. know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. negotiation tip: think about what the other side wants. know where they re coming from. try to create a win win situation. @tuserious854 i love what i do. you have to have passion for your work in order to be successful. that s number one. @tuserious854 the art of the deal is a good start. negotiation tip: be reasonable & flexible. being open to change could lead you into a fortunate situation and open the door to innovation. the golden rule of negotiating: he who has the gold makes the rules. trust in god and be true to yourself. mary macleod trump know everything you can about what you re doing. fred c. trump. @oloch3 thanks. the best way out is always through. - robert frost. even a mistake may turn out to be the one thing necessary to a worthwhile achievement. - henry ford. @da1nonlyasulony thank you so much adam! @thequote: when somebody challenges you fight back. be brutal be tough. - donald trump. @kata2bijak: i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don t know everything. donald trump. @kata2bijak: you have to have big ideas but you ve got to have energy to get them done. donald trump. without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing! @sgonzalez1964 thanks sonia. @jurciuoli19 justin it will be on in the fall - the cast will be great! @aronsarmy: @realdonaldtrump dear sir... so can i ask. hpw can i fuel my passion only by doing something that you love! @lunaticial sorry dopey i bought lots of facebook stock at 16. @not that actor thank you andy! poll numbers have nosedived for pervert nyc mayoral candidate anthony weiner- good news for new york! @barrybnice: @realdonaldtrump whose worse weiner or arod? too close to call! @based erc thanks.eric. @texan767: @realdonaldtrump that he even has any poll numbers is baffling. true! congratulations to @dianesawyer on her big ratings win for the evening news. diane is a spectacular person. looking forward to keynoting @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader leadership summit. tickets selling out. trump: something mentally wrong with weiner via @hilltube by @danielstrauss4. via @postsports @barrysvrluga donald trump has major aspirations for his trump national golf club in virginia. defund it or own it. if you fund it you re for it. - @senmikelee. be sure to listen to my interview on tonights @stevedeaceshow. steve is a terrific guy! @irene1969 have a great day. great piece by @ewerickson @redstate exposing how karl 1.6 rove cooked a poll in support of obamacare. surprise? 1970s global cooling alarmists were pushing same no-growth liberal agenda as todays global warming. obama believes benghazi is a phony scandal. nothing phony about americans being killed by islamists. @sharonk720 @realdonaldtrump appreciate the advice. needed that today. thank u. my honor. @wsutt @realdonaldtrump are you redoing the red course @ doral too? yes. @klassnik i survive on bread water and @realdonaldtrump s essential tweets great! just like @yankee organization i cant wait for @mlb to suspend a-rod. will be a great day for the sport. now with the danger-weiner campaign dead time to focus on crazy eliot spitzer. a man who has never earned 10 cents in his life. @anniehepburn: i hope that one day i ll have a career like yours. you re such a role model to me! @realdonaldtrump thank you! @cancer champion thank you for those nice words! @hugozepedatv thank you. @rat4xmas thanks tim! @an3t thanks. @shelleysherwin: @realdonaldtrump....trump soho...... you re brilliant! it has proven to be a great hotel....thanks. @glenda goff happy birthday glenda! @vicsecret2: @realdonaldtrump hi don what are your thoughts on teresa guidice???? a really nice person-hopefully everything will work out. @tullthomas: @realdonaldtrump trump soho the best looking building in the country. no other building in the world looks like it. thanks! @ccalder0811 thank you. @firdousalidr have fun! @meedcolin yes very soon. project will be amazing! @sabrinarose2012: @realdonaldtrump @teresa giudice thanks mr. trump we teresa #rhonj say hello to teresa-tell her to keep her chin up. @the iron lad conservative! @1986fed: obama needs to listen to @realdonaldtrump so we can turn things around economically !! so true and it would be sooooo easy! @joelosteen: life is too short to hang around cynical people. find people who will believe in your dreams and celebrate your victories. @shellysrt0527: @realdonaldtrump what will it take to bring back the made in the usa label? great leadership! @durangorick: @1986fed obama needs to listen to @realdonaldtrump - nope #trump2016 must do it. obama clueless & in over his big head. when i jokingly said bring back steve jobs to run apple because apple has not been doing well the haters & losers had a field day! sad. what the mind can conceive and believe and the heart desire you can achieve. - norman vincent peale. #trumpvine @arod sucks! who knew this innocent kid would grow into a monster? #tbt #trump. i wonder who @arseniohall s first guest will be---- his show will be great! @thetylerdeboer @joelosteen being associated with joel is my great honor--he is a fantastic man! @kaplunm @realdonaldtrump thoughts on snowden being granted asylum in russia? no respect for u.s. by russia. @willeshirey @realdonaldtrump so proud to be going to your alma mater you smart man great. my @stevedeaceshow int. on china the economy and my upcoming keynote at @thefamilyleader leadership summit. be sure to keep following announcements on the development of trump international golf club dubai. will be spectacular. a sad day for america with snowden being granted asylum in russia. putin is laughing at obama. snowden is handing over to russia a treasure trove of intel. our politicians are incapable of dealing! chris @hardball chris matthews ratings are at new historic lows. he is single-handedly destroying the entire @msnbc channel. i am getting worried about chris @hardball chris matthews. is he drinking again? it is a great victory for nyc that a-rod will never wear pinstripes again. @doug barnard @realdonaldtrump you should vine more often they re great! #trumpvine thanks! if you don t do your part don t blame god. - billy sunday. wow! does eliot spitzer have a girlfriend? this is getting exciting. people dont know that eliots father is very rich. eliot likes to pretend hes poor to appeal to voters. eliot better have a great pre-nupi want to help silda in her negotiation. @compaqsstring3 perhaps. @nick botha thank you. im on @etonlinealert tonight to talk about what the yankees should have done about a-rod long ago. @healthy47: @realdonaldtrump @shelleysherwin trump soho is the best hotel. thanks. @jgrant realtor thank you! @mhrynuik: @ashleymchandler - so cool that @realdonaldtrump and @joelosteen are twitter friends!! -and real friends joel is the best! @anthonyolgin: .@realdonaldtrump do u ever get sad? yes when i look at what s happening to our country!. @patrick gibson: @realdonaldtrump country shouldn t be capitalized there donald. i always cap when talking about the usa only ! @ctormes: @realdonaldtrump @anthonyolgin do you think there s any chance of changing the course we re on? yes but we must move quickly! @kevinmartinri: i m a big fan of the new @realdonaldtrump ties. thanks selling great at.macy s! @bobbassman: @realdonaldtrump @anthonyolgin like when bush killed all those kids in iraq when he invaded the wrong country? really bad war. @robocosby: help me @realdonaldtrump i am depressed . keep your chin up! isn t it sad the way putin is toying with obama regarding snowden. we look weak and pathetic. could not happen with.a strong leader! @hattakzots: @realdonaldtrump you re one of the only voices of reason in this crumbling nation! america needs a clean up! @eboy12318 thanks! @lcamp34 thanks. @pattygras: @realdonaldtrump staying at the trump in chicago. well done sir. this place is amazing #chicago #trump. @not that actor i know! go confidently in the direction of your dreams. live the life you have imagined. - henry david thoreau. @jpickering1 @realdonaldtrump how long until a trump golf course hosts a major? very soon! @nautilus916 @1986fed wrong! for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts are sold @macys.com. if once you forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens you can never regain their respect and their esteem. abraham lincoln. over 35 cia operatives were on the ground in benghazi the night of the 9.11 attack still a phony scandal ? do as i say not as i do. obama just granted a special obamacare exemption for all congress all are hypocrites! keystone xl should be approved but more importantly we should be drilling & fracking our own resources. would be an economic windfall. @trumpwinery s sparkling white & red wine collections have won numerous major awards & acclaim including. less than ten days until i keynote @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader leadership summit. tix going fast. @mikeloyacenter that s great! let me sum this up for you... @amyg2200 happy birthday! history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - dwight d. eisenhower. @gfeorg: @realdonaldtrump i think i m anticipating the next season of celebrity apprentice more than the start of football season. @thenanney67: @realdonaldtrump just stayed at trump in vegas and dined privately at djt. fabulous! @youwantthedjoe: not gonna lie @realdonaldtrump is my idol great! @lauren boals: sipping on some starbucks in the trump towers my first day in nyc. very impressive and inspirational #amazing! @noall thank you! @daveperry71: my big job interview for my promotion is wednesday and i m going to channel @realdonaldtrump to win the job! go get it! @edmondshami: @realdonaldtrump just started reading your book #thingbig it s freaking amazing! @gallenofmilk13 great going. @kelley 1968: @realdonaldtrump we hit 3000 views today for #breast #cancer- know you care! please rt! @theellenshow. @liamvanvorhis: @realdonaldtrump @uglytunaosu is raising money for cancer the whole month of august. in two days we have raised 1500. @icallbullsh t please send info to 725 fifth ave n.y. 10022. thanks. @jeffgonyea the art of the deal. a good question for would-be entrepreneurs to ask themselves: what am i pretending not to see? there are a lot of opportunities out there. do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. get your momentum going and keep it going. @tomuchpolitics: @realdonaldtrump i would like to hear the answer to that johnny football question? with a little good guidance great! @ronturner10 pursue it starting today. action is the foundational key to all success. pablo picasso. @tamilasami the key word is yet. keep at it never give up. via @bw: thomas jefferson donald trump share love of grapes in virginia @trumpwinery @erictrump. donald trumps breaks 1m for comedian adam carolla: new crowdfunding site sets record. what you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals. - goethe. @fredrikeklundny thank you @realdonaldtrump for the assignment!!!!! great job fredrik! @austinsaysthat great! omikrondreamer @realdonaldtrump do you wear your own ties? yes. @dianejackson9 @anniehepburn thanks. @dianejackson9 look at the solution not the problem--and never give up. take your work seriously take yourself less seriously. its a great recipe for some good times & great memories. @davymac 1972 thanks! action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often. --mark twain. we.signed our deal to take over the historic old post office on pennsylvania ave. from the u.s. and convert it into super luxury hotel-jobs! the old post office building in washington d.c. will soon be transformed into one of the great hotels anywhere in the world-lots of jobs! @mikelajnyc: @realdonaldtrump spent the night at the trump taj mahal in ac. had a great time!!!!! great staff! @gretawire will be on with greta tonight at 10 on fox-always a great show with greta! @mdsdaddotson thanks michelle! @nikkio: @realdonaldtrump great interview! thanks! @robrosales1 thank you rob! @desiree barela: you re making deals with non-deal-makers. @realdonaldtrump on the u.s. government. and that is a real problem! @thephantomnj: @pgahistorybug how sick is @realdonaldtrump s @trumpgolfdc ? maybe a future @pgachampionship or @usopengolf in 5 yrs. @green i4u thank you! @maggie101956: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for potus...just saw you on greta s show...you give me hope for the future...god bless!!! @ bolt that could happen he is terrific! why has all time hits leader pete rose paid a 20 year price whrn a-rod gets 200 game penalty. it s time to let pete into the hall of fame! @j4k9flatley thanks jake. our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. thomas a. edison. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. albert einstein. @cloverc8 great! @danielhr27 thanks! ive found that people work harder when they are held accountable and their confidence rises along with that. midas touch. be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. thats good business. think like a champion. @brianryback thank you brian and good luck. @randirobics yes it will be amazing. @dianejackson9 if you love what you re doing the energy and passion will be there. it s the best way to succeed. @kingmortimer best to look up titles at under publications. start with the art of the deal and never give up. by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail. --benjamin franklin. @deneetro happy birthday! @mikeveltman good luck again! @goharderfitness: @realdonaldtrump just checked in at trump itnl hotel las vegas. we love our amazing suite! thank you! enjoy! @jagofficial: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc has inspired me to have a fundraiser event this sunday at my home for a bone marrow case. let @peterose in the hof - it s time! @kelbug99 hi! @rachelyohee hi! @miket ct: goddammit. i agree with trump. mt @realdonaldtrump: a-rod gets 200 game penalty. it s time to let pete rode into the hall! @alexsiminoff: @realdonaldtrump is my model. i have been looking up to him for the longest time. thanks! @lisa goforth: @realdonaldtrump. love chicago trump hotel. beautiful. raises the bar for other hotels. @ilerios97: @realdonaldtrump sixteen is amazing!!!! the best dinner i ve ever had in my life!!! thanksbest in chicago! #trumpvine weiner is a joke.... @rudmania20 happy birthday shane. excited to be keynoting @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader leadership summit in iowa this saturday. trump finalizes agreement for trump international hotel the old post office building washington d.c. the trump organization is honored to have been awarded the redevelopment of the old post office. will be dc s finest hotel. .@trumpsoho features a striking glass walled building w loft inspired interiors nyc s trendiest luxury hotel. @djkelly78 thank you. @tvmario thanks! @govmikehuckabee great being on your show--see you soon! @godfreygr thanks ian. .@vanityfairs 2013 dwindling sales continue to sink at an even faster record rate under graydon carter disaster! ft. hood jihadi nidal hassan has been paid over 300g in army salary while on trial. his victims are deprived of any benefits... do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way by increasing your leverage. @marc soler1 my honor! @bradleymenglin good luck! @georgeptransue @bw @trumpwinery @erictrump thank you. @pikedagger1868 keep your chin up keep going. @flowergirl56 thanks. definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. - w. clement stone. get respect and do not give a damn if people like you. --think big. patience is the greatest of all virtues. -- cato. @sjohnstonefilm thank you! @winpropp: @urplepingo my favorite person on twitter is @realdonaldtrump thanks! @mcleangolf: drove around the new blue monster again tonight. saving photos. what donald trump has done here will shock golf world! @gusman2013: @realdonaldtrump @traceadkins dream team for president vice president ticket 2016. make it happen! i am proud of trace! @davidperez728 @trumplasvegas great! @lkr fan24 hey @realdonaldtrump visited trump international hotel in #vegas yesterday. what a fantastic hotel. thanks! @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan because piers won celebrity apprentice & is wonderful--and i just started with twitter. @thebarkerbaker great go get em! @maxknowsall @realdonaldtrump england loves donald trump. where can we buy your ties from over here please? check out @macys.com. its a good idea to take your own pulse once in a while instead of focusing on what the masses are doing. think like a champion. just a few days until i keynote at @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader leadership summit in iowa very exciting. being true to yourself equals being true to your brand.thats the solid foundation that will keep your brand flourishing. -midas touch. for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts are sold @macys.com. @kylemccall4 so true-alex salmond is absolutely killing these great and brave people! @kyleraccio: windfarms are destroying the environment and bird wildlife. may not be politically correct but it s the truth. @kyleraccio: @kylemccall4 thank you. @realdonaldtrump warned for a year now about windfarms - salmond is a moron. @scottlara1961 have a happy birthday. @jtfoxx: @alex leventis @realdonaldtrump in my eyes the greatest real estate coach is donald trump. he leads by example! i am the bestthx. @chrisstackstacy thanks. @clemensisland13 have a great time-happy birthday! @jake grimes thanks. @jackclemens1: @realdonaldtrump i met someone this evening who had a story about what you did for some foster kids and it moved me. thsnks. @tloutengineer thanks. @mjobrey27 66. @showtimeshelby thanks. @innovember2012: @realdonaldtrump i would prefer a trump giuliani ticket but a trump anyfreakingbody ticket would make me delirious. @big1john: @realdonaldtrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in mid-flight during the next decade. @arcuate: dude that s freaking cool as heck rt @realdonaldtrump wind turbine blades will slice 14 million birds and bats to death in 10 yrs. obama should meet with putin snd convince him to do what is good for the u.s. it s called good dealmaking or simply leadership! cajole. @brodie7878: @realdonaldtrump @arcuate we will have electric and people will make money but birds will be extinct in 20 years. @ny2dc n back @blackpoolsinger @piersmorgan wrong piers is smart & tough and when you get to know him a really good guy--and loyal! @smumom54 he should meet him & beat him--but that doesn t look like it s going to happen. @mattyd859 @realdonaldtrump. @billrancic biggest motivation and thee best role models ever! bill is a terrific guy! sleepy eyes @chucktoddone of the dumbest voices in politics-- is angry that im doing @thisweekabc. doesnt dummy @chucktodd realize that when i considered running for president i filed financial papers showing unbelievable numbers. sleepy eyes @chucktodd when looking at my financial filings shouldve said great job mr. trump sir. @masov40 @ryanjorde @realdonaldtrump money solves all problems #momoneymoproblems wrong! @augustskaro @monikakovacs @jasondolan only some! @billkicklighter made sure to visit @trumptowerny during our 1st vacation to nyc. well done @realdonaldtrump! thanks. @austin bighurt @ivankatrump when we finish it will be one of world s great hotels. @aa newey thanks. blackdog scotland started a petition against @vattenfallgroup. via @thebrodyfile: iowa evangelical leader says donald trump is bold and transparent. .@justinrose99 great playing--we are proud of you! .@ascottpga really solid playing--keep going! i will be addressing a fantastic ames crowd at tomorrow s @bobvanderplaats @thefamilyleader leadership summit. in the latest poll danger-weiners numbers have sunk. i wonder how carlos handled the stress? he is one whacko sicko sexter. re: hiring contractors remember the cheapest isn t always the best. their work may have to be redone & they may not be reliable. fact the reason why americans have to worry about a government shutdown is because obama refuses to pass a budget. if fm @alexsalmond needs to litter scotland w ugly industrial wind turbines to gain independence he will lose! if the gov t shuts down it is because obama wants to make working americans buy obamacare while businesses and gov t are exempt. .@alexsalmond is making a truly stupid mistake by forcing ugly industrial wind turbines down scotlands throat he s hated for it. first minister @alexsalmond will be destroying the beauty of scotland with his insane desire for bird killing wind turbines. colin montgomerie @montgomeriefdn you are not only a great golfer you are doing a great job of commentary @golfchannel. thank you @golfmagazine for putting my scotland course on your cover and a top 100 course in the world. the trump signature collection exclusively available at @macys is the pinnacle of style and prestige. eliot had a terrible debate performance this morning against scott stringer. he cant spin his failing and contemptible public record. watch what people are cynical about and one can often discover what they lack. - general george s. patton. big crowd expected tomorrow night in iowa. it will be interesting and fun - great people! @izakstrauss: @realdonaldtrump i bought a shirt two years ago while visiting ny still receiving compliments!! love it!! thanks! @alikilmartin. stay tuned! @den rg: where s @realdonaldtrump this saturday morning? twitter not as much fun without the donald! i agree 100 - and thanks! @tplrrt1 thanks thomas! @not that actor very interesting!!! @thisweekabc i enjoyed my intetview with @jonkarl-i only hope it is fairly edited! @thisweekabc should be interesting - lets see how fair and honest they will be! enjoy. @thefamilyleader it was great being with you last night - fantastic people and bob v is special!!! @charleslfreemn my finances have been totally filed dummy! @michaelfrench52 don t lie you will watch with great gusto! @thenicksutton: .@realdonaldtrump great job during your interview on @thisweekabc! this country needs you. thank you! @thefamilyleader thank you i had an amazing time! @tayloroftexas so nice good morning! @danscavino: @realdonaldtrump @thefamilyleader just saw last nights speech via desmoines register - was amazing mr. trump! thanks dan! @omaha tiger: @realdonaldtrump just saw you on @thisweekabc - absolutely awesome. thanks for giving me hope in the us. @dtomback: @realdonaldtrump : great job on this week! way to stick it to the liberal media. @jonkarl - very fair interview! @cobra4748: @realdonaldtrump you are the only candidate ! we need someone like you who wants nothing but to save our country and make great. i can t believe that in new york we can t watch the pga championsip on cbs. how .much discount is time warner giving its customers? @liztemkin: .@realdonaldtrump called here in la prepaid 2 mos w out a discount yet for sho & tmc got my bill reduced by 59 mo credit. @sullivanshane9: @realdonaldtrump visited trump towers today in new york. it s a beautiful building. @linflies: @realdonaldtrump @kevinmartinri we need you in the white house trump! thank you! @ronnakirkland: @realdonaldtrump send some ties to eric bolling. he needs them. @ericbolling is this so? @duqville: hey @realdonaldtrump i walked into the lobby of trump soho. by far the best hotel and professional staff in nyc. thanks! @texas4: @realdonaldtrump great speech in iowa thank you it was fun! @matthewsmales1 thank you! money may not grow on trees but it does grow from talent hard work and brains. think like a billionaire. congratulations to @jasondufner on winning the pga championship. great job! @sam rellim so true--thanks. @mjayshilling thanks. @jodiyilek @realdonaldtrump you have my vote! thanks. @stingluver @realdonaldtrump my 19 year old son logan is hoping you run in 2016. me too! thank you logan and erin. make your life as groundbreaking as possible while also minding the tides and riptides around you. - think like a champion. thank you readers choice: trump int l hotel las vegas has been nominated by 10 best for best pet-friendly hotel. @timm martin i understand thanks. @partylikerlove1 a long time ago thanks. @sonnset2 he knows the best place! @mofarber @realdonaldtrump i love all your inspirational quotes! it keeps us going... thanks donald! great! the failing @huffingtonpost and dopey @ariannahuff are writing so much false junk about me-they just can t get enough! be careful. did the poor but smart to leave ex-husband of @ariannahuff get any of the dollars she got for the use of his name in really stupid aol deal? @ariannahuff i would love to represent your husband-you would end up with nothing! and please don t call tim armstrong stupid and weak? @lefthandedrant: @realdonaldtrump @huffingtonpost @ariannahuff they re-run stories every hour....and yes she is as goofy as she is dopey! @ladygaydar: @realdonaldtrump you are an important person that s why @huffingtonpost @ariannahuff can t stop talking about you. @39caroline: @realdonaldtrump @huffingtonpost @ariannahuff all good cos i dont read huffington post. its garbage it is failing badly! @nicktryit: @realdonaldtrump @ariannahuff is @huffingtonpost even regarded as a valid source of information.. by anyone?? no! @cbauer71: i would pay to see @realdonaldtrump debate #obama!! ok with me! @maximusreign: @realdonaldtrump @nicktryit @ariannahuff @huffingtonpost michael moore likes her #trump2016. @truckersamf: @realdonaldtrump @nicktryit @ariannahuff @huffingtonpost arianna has 1.3 million followers trump is new and has 2.3 million. @naplessun4664: @realdonaldtrump ...maybe you will be debating hillary! maybe! @scubapoet: hell reality gets under his skin. :d rt @toure: i think @realdonaldtrump blocked me. true because you re a boring racist! @me2palas1yap: @realdonaldtrump @naplessun4664 i got dollars on trump. @drvinaychopra: @realdonaldtrump i want to learn golf from the best. can you teach me? : i heard you are an amazing golfer! true! @k monchk: #obama!! is gonna knock @realdonaldtrump to the ground on a debate. he woild.have no chance -lets go! @omaha tiger: @realdonaldtrump - how do you deal with idiots on daily basis? ignore them. not only is @toure a racist and boring he s a really dumb guy! @forevermcin: @realdonaldtrump will i have the opportunity to vote for you in 2016? #votetrump we will see thanks! @nautilus916: @realdonaldtrump @k monchk what could donald possibly say that romney mccain santorum palin and bachmann haven t plenty. @lordkaa213: @realdonaldtrump i dont know how you do it. getting the attention of mass media with ridiculous bullshit. you are special. @zdavi14: @realdonaldtrump is too smart. he s the real deal. #rolemodel. love ya man! you sound great! @rmt834: @realdonaldtrump america needs a businessman to run the countrynot a politician with zero business acumen. @phlbaseballnsdr: .@realdonaldtrump @forevermcin i m voting for you whether you officially run or not! trump for prez and christie for vp. @markhansen295: @realdonaldtrump save us mr trump 2016 do not fear! @riggs deb: @realdonaldtrump my hubby just said you re his 2016 pick. i told him to get in line. i picked you first. #trump2016 adorable! @catspolitics: some of us never stopped ignoring him. rt @slate: only the really smart one s never stopped.! @mrniceewatch: buying egyptian cotton covers and silk sheets for my donald trump serta king size bed first thing tomorrow.! #1 bed-serta! @pencey mouth: remember when donald trump blocked me. i m proud of myself no you re a loser! @d raww16: donald trump is his only good song in my opinion except for his donald trump song little mac miller s music sucks! @samvuko: mac miller has one good song & its donald trump & its really just the beat that s cool. and the name! @annelewischicag: fool donald trump once shame on you. fool donald trump twice well you cant fool him a second time! @femiadebanji: i like thinking big. if youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big. donald trump. @sayylalalaselah: #confessionnight i want to one day slap donald trump in the face but remember dummy he hits back really hard! @zander humes: wish donald trump didn t stop running for president. so do i! @therealblakeho: donald trump is a boss. always trumpin people...and trumpin the competition. love it. #ceo. good.morning i m going to work! @rogergreig thanks. @aka wilhelm @realdonaldtrump hay mr. trump! you re my rolemodeland i love your show celebrity apprentice thanks! @coffeepleaseam @realdonaldtrump i m so happy that you find time to tweet. i really enjoy following you. thanks amy. @andrew patrick @dcgovweb @dcgovtwit deal done--too late dopey! @flyinosubuckeye @comfynumb2012 @forq2 so true! just a business tool used by the best! ask carl warren etc. @blazebluntsky thanks. @jwhurter @realdonaldtrump are your ties available in south africa? you can order them online @macys.com. @jtfoxx @huffingtonpost i agree--@huffingtonpost is going down with @aol and patch & @ariannahuff hates tim armstrong. .@trumpchicago is the windy city s sole skyscraper to feature a 4 star hotel 4 star restaurant & spa. still a buyers market but somewhat fragile. be sure to calculate the risk of rising rates coming sooner than you think! @royalstr8tflush wow good competition! congrats to @mboyle1 of @breitbartnews for exposing jason linkins of @huffingtonpost as a lightweight dope who gives false information. the patch a total loser for @aol will be a good deal compared to @huffingtonpost. @ariannahuff laughs at stupid armstrong! .@senmikelee refuted every point karl 1.6 rove made on the need to defund obamacare.must listen @therightscoop. i missed the pga championship because it was not broadcast by timewarner @twc. why arent they giving subscribers major discounts? re @twc timewarner i am going to be switching many of my buildings to another servicethis is ridiculous! i will be on greta @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news. obama has exempted businesses his staff and all of congress from obamacare. why is he still forcing the monstrosity on the u.s.? more on benghazi cover up: attorney for whistleblower: 400 u.s. missiles stolen in benghazi really bad. if it doesn t sell it isn t creative. - david ogilvy. @alerdzcuevas: @realdonaldtrump you should be the president of my country mexico. i better learn spanish very fast! @vinny titone: if @realdonaldtrump runs in 2016 he will be hard to beat. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump @vinny titone i think he ll lead the polls like last time- it will be a healthy victory for trump. @hunterbalthazor: @realdonaldtrump if you ran for president you have my vote. get this economy back on track! @mysticwolf12001: @realdonaldtrump c mon you know you re the only one capable of beating clinton. @americanwoman00: @realdonaldtrump great interview on greta. can i tell you that i think that you are awesome? thank you! @chad williams91: @realdonaldtrump if you re president i ll move to the states tomorrow ! #trump #world leader #you #are #hired thanks! @garrykennedy: @realdonaldtrump great job on greta tonight! i am a huge fan and you really inspire me! thank you. @carlotalorenabr: the fact that @realdonaldtrump is considering a presidential run makes me so excited. @nicla b: @realdonaldtrump pls help highlight and rt protect blackdog: welcome to the protect blackdog blog! @getkraven: @realdonaldtrump sir you would have my vote 100 guaranteed if you decided to show these demorats how to run this country. looks like anthony weiner is through-most recent poll has him deeply in last place. good news. republicans have very strong hand in their fight against obamacare-lets see if they are willing and able to play it tuff ! when your brand begins to build you too will be faced with opportunities for greater recognition. midas touch. @randirobics great good luck! dont be easily pleased with yourself or with anything else. be tough & fight to keep your standards high. -think like a champion. in miami tracking @trumpdorals 250m renovations. will be america s top resort. @pgatour just signed for 10 yr ext. congrats @adamcarolla on #roadhard raising 1m on @fundanything a record. things happen that make you question whether you should keep going. as long as you are enjoying what you are doing keep going. @txbpd: @realdonaldtrump just caught your interview on @gretawire on my dvr. always love hearing you speak! thanks! @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump clear path to wh in 16. americans very dissatisfied not just w economy but decline in culture. u r only1. @alfiraazzahra great picture say hello! @peterose 14 once again it is time to let all time hits leader pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. he has paid a big price! @therealhamzeh: went shopping today for a wedding i have coming up got me @realdonaldtrump everything #countontrump great have fun! @tommyguns11: @realdonaldtrump stop talking and run in 2016! if your name is on that ballot you ve go my vote! #makeithappen #fixamerica. @justingodfrey great! @garrendj thanks! @timc1021 thanks! @realdonaldtrump thanks! @gregmazares my honor thanks! @carlcicahn carl keep lt going i have a lot of apple stock. push them to quickly come out with a larger screen for the i-phone samsung. @thebigoffice: when donald trump talks people listen. @realdonaldtrump so true! @shawnatova very nice thanks. @lovemyklr: @shawnatova @realdonaldtrump she did good. trump could if he can talk in a way that everyone can understand. just like reagan. @candla: @realdonaldtrump we all think presidents have so much control but everyone answers to someone ours answers only to michelle! @caleb watson: @realdonaldtrump never actually considered running for president. all a publicity stunt #goodbusinessmove wrong! @ind colts fan: @realdonaldtrump if president what would be your 1st order of business? terminate obamacare! @sharondepp: @realdonaldtrump love ivankas style....simply classic & beautiful & very smart :ddd kisses true! @amp abirpatel midas touch by donald j. trump & @therealkiyosaki. @rynecpl @realdonaldtrump just finished #theartofthedeal. awesome book w great insight! thanks good luck. #trumpvine where is the money @macmiller? 740 park avenue is being robbed all over the place--we come down hard on thieves at trump buildings. @danscavino @macmiller thanks dan. @drew4diamond thanks. @kelseyalxandraa thanks kelsey. @show5783 who knows? mark levin s @marklevinshow the liberty amendments: restoring the american republic is a truly great & important book. fact: without texas and states reaping the fracking boom obamas job record would go from bad to worse! @amieburton2010 @tommyguns11 thanks amie. @shawnatova @lovemyklr so nice thanks! @weekendinparis @trumpnewyork great! @dannydamico67 @realdonaldtrump may not agree with your political stance but your golf courses are unreal thx i think. @keithjmcconnell @macmiller thanks. .@gop house leadership establish select committee on benghazi. there is a massive coverup. @carlotalorenabr thanks. my @newsmax media int. with @stevemtalk on my iowa @thefamilyleader speech @jonkarl 2016 & benghazi. good communicators control space. roger ailes you are the message@foxnews. myself with mother and father at new york military academy. see i can be very military. high rank! .@alexsalmond see photo. my interview with @thisweekabc w @gstephanopoulos destroyed all sunday competition w 2.52m total viewersthats why they want me on! nielsen ratings: 1.@thisweekabc 2.52 viewers 6 shr1.91rtg .55 25-54 2.@meetthepress 2.24 total viewers 5 shr1.61rtg .47 25-54. cant wait for @dylanbyers follow up @politico piece discussing my large sunday news shows ratings win because of my interview! @stantheman74: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump sir you are a living legend and a living role model please keep the amazing work up. so nice! obama ststement on egypt was terrible and dumb-now being used by military as a rallying cry-our foreign policy is worst in u.s. history. @zionslion777: @realdonaldtrump it would be an honor to our nation if you would be our president! thank you for your confidence! @mmanoff: @realdonaldtrump what can i do to help donald j. trump get elected to be president of the usa? just sit tight-thanks! @catcrazy71: @realdonaldtrump your mother was such a pretty lady! true considered a great beauty-thanks. @lbh39: it s called @realdonaldtrump for president! @fortunemagazine: there s only one way out of this tepid economy. @sunlorrie: real wind turbines twitter danscavino: @realdonaldtrump here is a ... @vin609: @realdonaldtrump sad day for atlantic city was the day you packed it in. the town jumped when you were there. major loss. @phattim26: @realdonaldtrump we need a true leader to guide this great nation. will you please answer the call? you have my vote thank you. @murraydavidcole: @realdonaldtrump we need someone with a clue someone who knows business to pull us out of this hole. we need mr. trump! @sjblueyes: @realdonaldtrump you ve got the vote of most americans who want to see our great country re-stored to be the greatest country! my motto is: never give up. i follow this very strictly. i do not let problems and challenges stop me they are normal. @robertundefined work hard study read the art of the deal and midas touch. see problems as a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge---and remember to keep focused on your goals. keep an open mind--business is a creative endeavor. strive for innovative ideas. develop success from failures. discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. dale carnegie. for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts are sold @macys.com. @jnewt13: donald trump will always be mac miller s best song no contest. @newsoffamous : according to @realdonaldtrump & the people at ms universe pageant they never asked @bravoandy to host this years pageant. @jaseduckman: all is well between me and @realdonaldtrump. we wear big boy pants. mine happens to be camo. #noworries great jase! @thineline4: @realdonaldtrump for a long time i thought you were so nasty. now after reading your tweets i changed my mind. great! @michaelpampena: @realdonaldtrump what s the j. stand for? john. @cookvol: @realdonaldtrump visited chicago 4 1st time and saw your fantastic addition to skyline. amazing and locals call it a success! @meenah83: @realdonaldtrump .. can t wait for you to be president of the united state.. and our country would be great.again! thanks. @wantddublovin: @realdonaldtrump i cannot wait until your building opens in vancouver! it s gonna be a great addition to our downtown core. @nathanamato: @realdonaldtrump @michaelpampena djt preserved the american dream after defeating president chelseas mother hillary in 2016. @richardflorenc1: @realdonaldtrump can you put out a shout for aberdeen football club today as big game good luck win! we must leave stop and frisk for a-rod and anthony weiner! @meenah83: @realdonaldtrump .. can t wait for you to be president of the united state.. ---and what a great country it would be! @benkilzer: but really tho if @realdonaldtrump was president omg i want that so bad. @glenninvestor: @realdonaldtrump - it s not a great country now? no we are a laughing stock all over the world-but we can come back big! @sofia mozek: @realdonaldtrump my mind would explode with happiness if donald trump was elected president. @dmxxx : haha i think it s cute how my sister likes donald trump tell your sister i think she s great! @gfeorg: @realdonaldtrump after you become our next president - no one will take advantage of this country again. @herbalist mob: @realdonaldtrump determination made you who you are? a very important element toward anyone s success! @firdousalidr: @realdonaldtrump off to your lovely aberdeen golf club tomorrow. just got ranked number one by golf week mag. - enjoy it! @capetown58: @realdonaldtrump do you think white house is doing enough about egypt? they don t know what they are doing.- not even close! @josh dobbs: @realdonaldtrump you rock mr.trump!!!! #usa thanks. @bat211: @realdonaldtrump @capetown58 obama wanted mubarak out and his pals from muslim brotherhood in. as usual what he does is a disaster. @brandonmckinney: @realdonaldtrump just wanted to say that i love my donald j. trump dress shirts. by far most comfortable and best! macy s. @irishcigarguy: @realdonaldtrump you are so right as usual. you should run but it be a big pay cut. you are what we need. thank you! @rayheard: @realdonaldtrump @bat211 @capetown58 meanwhile he s on the golf course as egypt syria iraq burn.what else is new? @howard2lloyd yes at macy s. let the arab countries take care of egypt-they have more to gain and plenty of money..it s time for the u.s. to stop being stupid.no dollars. re-build the united.states not places that hate our country and everything we stand for! @iamgrizzly1974: @realdonaldtrump our infrastructure is crumbling! and we owe 17 trillion dollars! @ambeylambey: i love when @realdonaldtrump tells everyone the truth about america. #runforpresident. so lets get this right. steve jobs dies and leaves his wife everything-billions of dollars. now his wife has a boyfriend lover . oh steve! @pollysdaughter very cute! @clarko76: @realdonaldtrump mr trump my girlfriend and i just getting booked up for your hotel in soho. looking forward to a great stay. #trumpvine opinion on egypt-. #trumpadvice. be sure to check @fundanything to see my picks. .@ny police commissioner ray kelly has done a top job keeping nyc safe. stop & frisk has been a critical tool for the nypd. obamas own gun study proves gun control is ineffective @bizpacreview. tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday. - john wayne. @samtrisi thanks! @merryman34 thanks! @mr smoooth great place- thanks! @chuckdhere so true! @cloverc8 thanks! @maestrobeadles interesting! @j tjohnson thanks. @subhana anwar: whenever i feel down and feel like giving up i simple go to @realdonaldtrump twitter page. @ukcarioca thank you. @the anti fox: @realdonaldtrump @ny police then donald will be ok being stopped and frisked 3 times a week making you late o.k. with me! @the anti fox: @realdonaldtrump @ny police if donald were stopped & frisked he would raise hell and whine about his civil rights! no way! chicago is a shooting disaster-they should immediately go to stop and frisk. they have no choice hundreds of lives would be saved! our great project in south america trump tower punta del este in uruguay will have spectacular views and the... .@mattbevin: as someone well versed in job creation and the private sector if you lie on your resume youre fired! with @stuartpstevens expected to represent @govchristie in the presidential race chris will have a very hard time winning. .@stuartpstevens did a horrible job for mittis a refund in order? sadly stuart is a disaster! our country needs to reestablish the work ethic. in ny welfare pays better than jobs zero incentive. nyc is under constant threat from jihadists & violent criminals. stop & frisk keeps streets & subways safe.stand strong ray kelly. its tuesday. how many terrible predictions and advice will karl 1.6 rove make today? obamacare is an absolute disaster which will destroy 16 of the economy and ultimately more! i will be doing greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 10 pm on fox news talking about china & mitt s failed campaign team. i have a very strict gun control policy: if there s a gun around i want to be in control of it. - clint eastwood. @dwatts3 mitt but stuart stevens was terrible. @reallucasduffy true--thanks! @gretawire .doing greta tonight at 10 on fox-enjoy! greta in a few minutes-on fox. @sabretooth94: @realdonaldtrump who does bryant gumbel think he s messing with?? he s such a condescending jerk! and a no talent racist! @jfedkiw: @realdonaldtrump i wonder where al sharpton or anyone for that matter is after the murder in duncan oklahoma.where is the anger? @danscavino: great job on @gretawire mr. trump! #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @us patriot 3888: @realdonaldtrump- why isnt mainstream media all over this like trayvon martin story?will there be justice for chris lane? you must admit that bryant gumbel is one of the dumbest racists around - an arrogant dope with no talent. failed at cbs etc-why still on tv? @anti fox news: @toure doesn t @realdonaldtrump have better things to do like investigating ted cruise? you can t even spell his name! @lisariv76873320: @realdonaldtrump who is bryant gumbel? a racist dope with a long and deep record of failure! @johnsim96499126: @realdonaldtrump damn bryant gumbal is so not relevant on the scale of anything... so true! @mikeambo5: @realdonaldtrump i had no idea bryant gumbel was still on tv. another issue of someone using you to gain a little relevancy. @pellscuse11: @realdonaldtrump who plays more golf yourself or the president? my money is on potus. you win! @mattjerichoy2j: @realdonaldtrump congrats on becoming a @wwe #hof. it can be argued that you are the reason wreslemania was so succesful. @jfolds: @realdonaldtrump bryant is the wanna be greg gumbel lol keep up the great tweets trump! greg is far more talented than bryant. @joebloww79: @realdonaldtrump is able to see through all the garbage in our society. wish more had the ability. @reklaw78: @realdonaldtrump i read on wikipedia that you and bryant gumbel were roommates in college. no i went to a much better school! @bendreyfuss: @realdonaldtrump thank you donald! this country needs you! please run in 2016! busines is what america is failing at! @rwgooch: @realdonaldtrump why does fox continue to bring on karl rove? a total waste of airtime-spent over 400 million and not 1 win! @hercules: @realdonaldtrump we would like to create a ll field in chris lanes honour at his home club. @pegson: @realdonaldtrump christopher lane. .@alexsalmond if a country wants to rapidly destroy its economy i have an idea--just put up subsidized wind cont. the hatchet job in @nymag about roger ailes is total bullshit. he is the ultimate winner who is surrounded by a great team. @foxnews. had a great time on @gretawire last night. greta always does great interviews. via @pressjournal by ann-marie parry: plans revealed for course named after trumps mother. mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the most exclusive & elite clubs in the world w award winning amenities. glad to see that the egyptian army is releasing mubarek. as we see obama never should have abandoned him. he was an ally. @anniehic @nymag and so have many others. @theteflondante @realdonaldtrump @gretawire i bet her ratings were great! good work mr. trump they were great--thanks! @jwhitlinger gmp @realdonaldtrump @reklaw78 ..why the animosity towards bryant gumbel? he is a very stupid & arrogant dope! no question violent crime will rise if program stop & frisk is stopped - @ny police commissioner ray kelly. nyc politicians better stop pandering--ending stop & frisk would be a disaster. .@alexsalmond heatwave in scotland makes wind turbines useless. big problem expensive mess. congress must defund obamacare. it is destroying medicare and breaking promises to our seniors including veterans. its wednesday. how many times will a-rod sue the @yankees today? a-rod has no one to blame but himself for his predicament. @txsi happy birthday! with democrats spitzer danger-weiner & filner which party really has the war on women? donald trump to chris christie: dont hire @stuartpstevens via @politico by @hadas gold. leadership is perhaps the key to getting any job done. the art of the deal. @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump donald if u don t run in 16 we will be stuck with hillary. would you do that to us? make it trump 16. @bradisin: is @dannyzuker still feuding with @realdonaldtrump? who s danny zuker? @zeenazi: @realdonaldtrump there is zero chance u get elected but u r a very powerful indorcer wrong and correct! @aak1993: @realdonaldtrump what do u think about the new news competitor aljazeera america i don t! @alrightjarret: mr @realdonaldtrump do you have any advice for a young entrepreneur? yes come up with a great idea and work your ass off! @tarekr: @realdonaldtrump what do you think should be done about gun control in the us? all good folks that have a gun should control it! @richkowalski31: @realdonaldtrump what do you think is the best industry to get into for a young college student about to graduate? energy! @adammke: @realdonaldtrump my 1st book report in 5th grade was on the art of the deal 1988. great adam and you hit big! @balloradoboy: @realdonaldtrump do you think gumbel wrote that closing remark or @hbo? bryant isn t smart enough dumb as a rock so hbo. @ari ana97: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president in 2016 i ll be old enough to vote to put him in office. wooh! #trump2016. @southtguy: @realdonaldtrump a better answer would have been yes come up with a great idea and have others work their ass off. that too. @thecoolestemma: @realdonaldtrump will there be a new season of celebrity apprentice? yes! @drjulianxavier: @realdonaldtrump huge supporter of your political beliefs! #staytrumping donald! i will! @ioicasey: @realdonaldtrump you re an inspiration for a young entrepreneur mr. trump. thanks! very nice thank you! @mzk51matt: @realdonaldtrump what was up with bryant gumbel s cheap shot on you on hbo? he s a really dumb really jealous racist! @gabrielsherman roger ailes never called me about your piece on him gabriel. he is a very smart and secure guy who doesn t need help from me. @lovefamously: @realdonaldtrump please can you rt? little mackenzie needs lifesaving treatment urgently and time is running out fast. @greek1958 thank you john. re miss universe pageant weve spoken w the lgbt community in russia who asked please dont leave it would send the wrong signal. via @eveningexpress: images of donald trumps 2nd north-east golf course released: public have say on images. via @breitbartnews by @larryoconnor: trump: ny mag ailes story total bulls t it was total bullshit! one of obamas greatest failures will be his legacy of making millions completely dependent on government handouts not work. @brentludington thanks! @tanwexy i like you too. time flies its @trumptowernys 30th anniversary. to celebrate we made this video highlighting its amazing history-. @harrycraig96 @trumptowerny thanks! @korydc @trumptowerny thanks great that you remember really nice. @walterozaraga @trumptowerny thanks. if stop & frisk is struck down by the pandering nyc politicians increases in crime & eventual terrorist attacks will be on them. @tonycatering @trumptowerny thanks! with the whacko pervert weiner about to be embarrassed all women need to be on the lookout. sexting begins 9.11 @ 12:01 am. to keep your momentum going you must have intrinsic values as well as monetary values. know when to give back. think big. why are people upset w me over pres obamas birth certificate?i got him to release it or whatever it was when nobody else could! people should be proud of the fact that i got obama to release his birth certificate which in a recent book he miraculously found. john mccain couldnt get him to release it and neither could hillary clintonbut donald did! anyway im all about jobs & the economy & making america great again. were falling fast! @robertburnand @realdonaldtrump @trumptowerny what a great building mr t! thanks! @marilynn555 thanks! @jmull71 great jason! @mchikkis: had an amazing stay at the trump in chicago this past weekend thanks @realdonaldtrump. @circa75sydney: amazing service from @trumplasvegas - great job @realdonaldtrump you re hired! all future @circa75sydney business trips. @mistrusso: @realdonaldtrump those are the ppl that can t handle the truth. great job at forcing his hand like only the trump can do!!! #flashbackfriday trump family- final week of @oprah s show- @oprah is terrific! for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts are sold @macys.com. @bbpack happy birthday! @nickfaldo006 sir nick is not only a great player he is a great guy -and by the way doing a fantastic job for cbs! @thebarbashop: maybe ill go to macy s and buy a @realdonaldtrump shirt and tie combination for my cousins wedding stuff s beautiful great. @dadsnicklefritz: @realdonaldtrump i will make this known if you had run for president you had my vote if you runyou still have my vote. @obs3shyn thanks it was fun and amazing! lightweight nys attorney general eric schneiderman is trying to extort me with a civil law suit. see website. @mattechase: @realdonaldtrump extortion was the first thing that came to mind when i saw the report for the lawsuit. you can sue! @joesantos5150: @realdonaldtrump wipe the floor with him mr trump ! @stevanscheer: @realdonaldtrump attended tax lien tax seminar trump university. changed my life!!! able to open my own company scheer group. @dszippit: trump university liberal witch hunt i hope they loseand get counter sued.@realdonaldtrump. @abimlebt: eric schneiderman trying to get himself an image as a strong man is suing @realdonaldtrump. bad choice trump will eat him alive. @nikkio thank you. lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman who has been a total failure in office failed to report the 98 approval rating of students for courses. why did failing a.g. eric schneiderman after years of looking file his pathetic lawsuit on a saturday afternoon unheard of ? no case! why is it that eric schneiderman is considered a lightweight by so many and has failed to go after jon corzine and big abusers for billions? why did lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman come to my office on numerous occasions begging for campaign contributions? also recent asks? how can an attorney general ask for campaign contributions during his evaluation of a case - a total sleazebag! after years of long stops then starts why did dopey eric scheiderman tell people in the trump org. this case is going awaywe have no case. what did our very stupid & ineffective a.g. eric schneidean during his trips to my office tell me about president obama & governor cuomo? @anthonyjmyers: @realdonaldtrump as for #trumpuniversity i have only ever heard great things from former students. don t sweat it! @chowes247: @realdonaldtrump corzine is a evil schemer who stole 1.4 billion. trump starts a university to help people get rich & he s bad! @susanskeldon: @realdonaldtrump i wish there were more people in the world like you. thanks for all you do. your an awesome person. thanks. @robertlbuchsr: @realdonaldtrump mr.trump i just wanted u 2 know i agree w u.respect you 2. thanks. @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump @chowes247 lawsuit against trump university is without a doubt ---political. @hughphartud: schneidean is in trouble. history shows that @realdonaldtrump will publicly lambaste this guy to the point of surrender. wow l just found out that a.g. schneiderman met with president obama in syracuse on thursday --- and sued me on saturday! same as irs etc. @jpm17: @realdonaldtrump @tomnocera i ve taken a few of the classes on line. thought they were very good . @sammycarguru: @realdonaldtrump since the art of the deal you have been an inspiration to me! thanks. fox and friends. gov. cuomo s moreland comm should be looking at ag schneiderman shaking down those under investigation in litigation for campaign. i really enjoyed doing the show circuit this am discussing lightweight ag eric schneiderman & the terrible job he has done for ny. amazing! ag schneiderman sues a school w a 98 approval rating but doesnt go after billion fraudsters all over wall st. why isnt ag schneiderman going after democrat jon corzine and the 1.4 billion that is missing? via @inverurieherald: trumps new course plans on display. @michaelpmulhall @cnbc i don t think he can! @tuletwilight interesting! via @amspec by jeffrey lord: new obama scandal erupts: trump targeted. via @todayshow: trump: attorney general behind lawsuit a total lightweight. my @foxandfriends int. destroying schneidermans frivolous suit which he brought after meeting obama on thurs. @elmarosuelvin thank you. thug politics. lightweight hack schneiderman meets with obama on thursday then brings frivolous suit on saturday. see schneiderman admit he spoke with obama about ongoing investigations. i hope the ny tax payer appreciates the millions schneiderman is about to waste on a small case. i will litigate to victory. @d murphy13 @realdonaldtrump purely a political move if he met w obamamr.trump please put the heat on this clown show! @aaronpha q thanks. @givens1964 very cool thanks. has ag schneiderman been extorting his targets and their lawyers for contributions? we will find out. the lightweight hack schneiderman told ivanka that the case is weak and more. meets with obama & then files one day later. there has been a systematic targeting of the tea party by the obama administration. now schneiderman goes after me. no coincidence. see @ivankatrump on the cover of @hudsonmod? view the digital edition:. .@foxnews legal analyst & former prosecutor @kimguilfoyle destroyed hack schneidermans suit on @fnthefive yesterday.shes very sharp! kate is donating a #kidney to her husband . you can help! i did @fundanything #donate. via @hamptonsmag: @ivankatrump talks hamptons lifestyle with emmy rossum. @curryslap: hey @realdonaldtrump .. your getting bashed by @thereval about the lawsuit! reval is just conning his way through life! @seanmichaelmc: @realdonaldtrump in chicago for the first time your building is amazing from the outside cool color to the inside. @frankmorano: i think @realdonaldtrump s book the america we deserve deserves a read. written in 2000 very prescient! as i predicted long ago the war in iraq was a disaster for the u.s. heading for civil war there are bombings all over the place.iran happy. @kimguilfoyle thanks for your support - i greatly enjoyed your comments on the five the other day. best wishes! @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump col peters is right. when our adversaries r at war w each other assad regime al q stay out of it! @richnyjets: @realdonaldtrump dam right. let them fight among themselves. save our men and women s lives. save our money. none of our bus. i have a dream that our country will be great again! #dreamday. @peterthiele thanks peter. @terrytm112444 thanks terry. @steverickettssp great! @bingato @realdonaldtrump at least doral will be great again!!! that s true! @ginny14974 @realdonaldtrump the arab league should be taking care of this not us. 100 correct. @kingmortimer interesting. via @ wsoc tv: blair miller talks with donald trump about charlotte ventures. watch @ foxnews @shannonbream @liswiehl & former prosecutor doug burns destroy ridiculous lawsuit. young entrepreneurs in an economic climate like this only the strong survive. you can do it. think big! josh8j4 @realdonaldtrump i have a dream that you will be president to make this country great again. #usa thank you. congrats to @timtebow on making @patriots first cut. stay strong and positive! we are all rooting for you. congratulations to @marklevinshow on the liberty amendments debuting at #1 on the ny times bestseller list. must read! remember all these freedom fighters in syria want to fly planes into our buildings. the misery of obamas economic policies. us households with unemployed parent was at record high in 2011. you owe it to yourself and to your community to make your property the best it can be. think like a billionaire. .@tracegallagher and @fredtecce discussing my case on @foxnews. a general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him. - gen. douglas macarthur. do not settle for remaining in your comfort zone. being complacent is a good way to get nowhere. take control and move forward every day. @kyleraccio @realdonaldtrump trump will win this - as he wins everything else! awesome thanks. @alphakonstant @richnyjets true. @ritter1025 happy birthday bernice. @latoyajackson thanks la toya! @tjstoudt i really want @realdonaldtrump to speak at liberty university convocation again. great school. @grindingdude @monkeydogman i will! @thelanes08 thanks. @thulisakanzi have the arab league do it and pay for it. @sonnset2 so true not even close. @zacking30: @realdonaldtrump is officially the person i look up to! #billionaire #hero thanks. @dlhanno64: @janeygodley @realdonaldtrump donald makes you happy. .thats good ..we need something to make us happy with this president. @mikeyv24: what an awful piece on #realsports about @realdonaldtrump hbo should be ashamed. #trump2016 very dishonest piece by racist gum. @hunterboss1996: @realdonaldtrump bill gates has nothing on donald trump. #trump2016. @hunterboss1996: @realdonaldtrump i m going to keep tweeting and annoying you until you run for president. #trump2016 that s ok with me! @joeybonedry: @realdonaldtrump jeff has been battling cancer for years. huge fan and trump supporter as am i. @bx bobby: @realdonaldtrump what was racist about that story? the story wasn t racist just inaccurate and wrong. bryant is dumb & racist. @leavesofgrass : @realdonaldtrump actually i think it was factual and right on the mark. you are a vulture sir nothing more. thank you! @jamieaydt: one day i hope to be successful & a bit controversial like @realdonaldtrump ...keeping things interesting & classy go for it! why would anyone think obama would attack syria the day of his speech in washington. he doesn t want to detract from his press & glory. i give the president s speech a 7 on the scale of 0 to 10! not bad but room for improvement! why do we keep broadcasting when we are going to attack syria. why can t we just be quiet and if we attack at all catch them by surprise? that said the rich arab countries should get involved with the syrian mess not us.we should start rebuilding our own country & military. @ronniedunn1164: @realdonaldtrump @hunterboss1996 a few billion more dollars but i d rather say president trump than president gates ! @voicelikeariot : @realdonaldtrump @washingtonpost: why obama is giving up the element of surprise in syria perhaps because he is stupid? @janusdcjavu: @realdonaldtrump the one who talks much does nothing except make 10 billion dollars - go get a job dumbass! @walaa 3ssaf no dopey i would not go into syria but if i did it would be by surprise and not blurted all over the media like fools. i wonder what the great generals like patton the big m or robert e. lee would have thought about our stupid broadcasting of an attack? if we are going to continue to be stupid and go into syria watch russia as they say in the movies shoot first and talk later! let the arab league take care of syria. why are these rich arab countries not paying us for the tremendous cost of such an attack? the united states needs to fix its own problems of which there are many first! @tanjas world tanja--never give up! wow @cnbc ratings are really low worst in many years. i guess i ll have to start doing my tuesday morning interviews with them again! via @amspec by jeffrey lord: is eric schneiderman a crook? what a great writer & researcher--amazing story. the yankees are sure lucky george steinbrenner is not around. a lot of people would be losing their jobs. if christian bale turned down 50m to return as batman he should have his head examined. what was he thinking?! @marlenawells @realdonaldtrump remembering your generosity to so many after #superstormsandy. thank you marlena. @jungledad thanks! @icer100 @realdonaldtrump @icer100 remember obama so loved the poor he created millions more! interesting! @agustin gil: @realdonaldtrump are you planning to visit uruguay as soon as punta del este tower is done? i d like to get my books signed.y. thx mark--i appreciate your words about the school. you sound like you re doing well--happy for you. @businessinsider. congress must protect our borders first. amnesty should be done only if the border is secure and illegal immigration has stopped. what will we get for bombing syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? obama needs congressional approval. what a shame that @msnbcs ratings have sunk even lower in 2013. prime time down 50 . @thereval s are cont. @jonareeves6127 thanks. @marlenawells true. @danscavino @erictrump @erictrumpfdn @stjude thanks dan. #trumpvine a message for my hotel guest @mileycyrus-. via @heraldweekly by lauren odomirok: trump norman play renovated golf course. sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - @vincemcmahon. @jasonsweis: @realdonaldtrump agreed we need our troops on the streets of chicago not in syria. people are really liking the new ties and shirts @macy s-they are amazing and selling great! @vabeachrpm: @realdonaldtrump love macy s ! i agree! @felixnunez249: @realdonaldtrump @macy today i received many compliments from wearing shirt and tie outfit great! @sonnyjr66: @realdonaldtrump i m a prof salesman but not motivated by money but like to win. is that a bad thing? no not at all! @chrisfornari: @realdonaldtrump @cnbc #trumptuesdays were the best! this country needs you to speak up for what is going right and wrong! @hpea0899: .@realdonaldtrump i disdain you with every fiber of my being. thank you! in that @timewarner has @hbo with really dumb racist bryant gumbel and i mean dumb and no cbs which fired bryant i am switching bldgs. i hope everyone read the brilliant article in american spectator about leightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. he should be run out of office! @agnesphagnes i agree thanks. @benfromdallas thanks ben. @fartlesburg: @realdonaldtrump do you ever get sad? i don t have the time! @beliefheals interesting and thanks! @zachheatherly: could be argued that @realdonaldtrump may or may not be a horrible person but his twitter is the best! thank you donald. @gocubbies22: @realdonaldtrump bought a poster frame from my wal-mart store today and the sample picture was trump tower in chicago. great. @cbs397: @realdonaldtrump you should have your own talk show. networks and many have asked but i don t have the time. thanks! @realdbp: @realdonaldtrump a talk show would be the perfect arena for you mr. trump. ratings would soar through the roof! but no time! @realdbp: @realdonaldtrump a talk show is a great idea. please make the time sir. the country needs you now more than ever. @wcmartzofficial so true! @ronhromadka: @realdonaldtrump talk shows are stale! but a daily look at the inside wheeling and dealing of the trump org. exciting! @hrt05hsv: @realdonaldtrump @realdbp you could do it in your sleep and still make more sense than these other morons. thanks. so a woman in chicago who never had a job has 9 kids with 7 different men she is one of many . these kids will never work. trouble! @reuschal: @realdonaldtrump how do you know those kids will never work? i know! pervert weiner is dead in his race for mayor of nyc but wow eliot spitzer has dropped way down in recent poll for comptroller. sleaze! @gfeorg: @realdonaldtrump a talk show is an amazing idea- so many would love to see you do it...your insight on a daily basis? what a gift! dress for success. the donald j. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys.com. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein. @dhfr64 happy birthday deborah. the ratings of the cycle on msnbc a sad and pathetic show are way down. if they fired racist moron @toure a truly stupid guy they live! is everyone seeing how incompetently our country is being run by watching the mess with syria? our leaders don t know what they are doing! if obama attacks syria and innocent civilians are hurt and killed he and the u.s. will look very bad! how bad has our leader made us look on syria. stay out of syria we don t have the leadership to win wars or even strategize. @jenconservative: @realdonaldtrump not to mention we probably don t have the money to spend on another long war!! so true! @onemikex: @realdonaldtrump he s to soft of a president incompetent would be a better word! @leebandoni: @realdonaldtrump for once the uk has seen sense and not been dragged into this. they were for once very smart! @kswizzle43: @realdonaldtrump what would you do - give a solution vs being so critical?.!. i would make america great again! @jaymiller283: @realdonaldtrump @jenconservative we need a strong minded potus in office before we enter into another war. @jenconservative: @rkdrake @realdonaldtrump i would be totally surprised if the us even has any money to spend on syria!! we don t! @kingsfansouth: @realdonaldtrump i usually agree with you not tonight. stop criticizing the president. i will when he makes good decisions. @joe1spro: @realdonaldtrump the president of syria is killing people inhumanly but the so called rebels may be just as bad or worse ! @cadams2513: @realdonaldtrump if trump was potus we would have all the money we need! #trump 2016 that s true! the president must get congressional approval before attacking syria-big mistake if he does not! for the first time in the history of military operations a country has broadcast what when and where they will be doing in a future attack! syria has prepared for an attack based on all of our talk - they have moved targeted ammunition and supplies to new locations.amazing! @jsdub901: @realdonaldtrump may be many things but one thing he is is right. #tellsitlikeitis thank you sort of . who are our generals that are allowing this fiasco to happen right before our eyes. call it the plenty of notice war. obama now just wants to save face russia is now telling him don t do it . he waited too long and the other side is much better prepared. china is already preparing to benefit economically from this mess. they will pick up the pieces and make yet another fortune-& laugh at us! be prepared there is a small chance that our horrendous leadership could unknowingly lead us into world war iii. @jessenicholas13: @realdonaldtrump i m scared for my future. you should be! @jayneg53: @realdonaldtrump can t say obama doesn t know how to throw a polite war! general patton would not be happy right now! @aveyahdoeswatch thank you. did anyone notice that obama failed to get a coalition of other countries to go along with us. he couldn t even get britain! no leadership. @politixchick: just from reading his tweets it seems like @realdonaldtrump could run our country much better than our president right now. @danconiapm: @realdonaldtrump he s no churchill. he might not even be jimmy carter! @dickquinn: @realdonaldtrump obviously amateur hour at the wh. obama was unqualified when he ran and remains so. @irazaalishah: @realdonaldtrump - donald you are anti-obama no matter what obama does you will take the opposite view. wrong-all on merit. @jonathanagin: @realdonaldtrump wondering if u know or care that tomorrow begins childhood cancer awareness month. @danshrigley thank you. @thegrumpyhusky happy birthday. @ethan738: @realdonaldtrump just bought some beautiful trump cuff links great! @bbpack you have real talent! @timi fel: @realdonaldtrump you always have something negative to say about obama dont you? yes! @brandiharmon good luck. president obama s weakness and indecision may have saved us from doing a horrible and very costly in more ways than money attack on syria! @illuminati6sep: @realdonaldtrump you should be president . save america thank you! @akmackey so true! it is truly amateur hour at the white house - and this is why we should not be doing the war thing right now! @rick huebner: @realdonaldtrump my son joey survived leukemia. he is is now 13. thank you make-a-wish and nccf for everything they did. @imanthonyholmes: i ve always looked up to @realdonaldtrump. business and politics! he s the man! thank you! @mguarino64: @realdonaldtrump how would you treat the syria situation if president ? i d let them all fight with each other-focus on us! @madrina26: @realdonaldtrump any chance you ll change your mind and run for president? #gotmyvote time will tell! the arab league stated that it wants nothing to do with an attack on syria but they want us to attack.are our leaders insane or just stupid. why isn t the arab league paying for everything and sending troops? they want us to do their dirty work with no involvement by themselves! we have given syria so much time and information-there has never been such an instance in wartime history. syria is now fully prepared! @swagdaddyyol0: why isn t @realdonaldtrump president instead of obama ?? that is truly a good question! @bdeal10: @realdonaldtrump you should be our next president. this country would be in much better shape if you would have run in 2012! true. @libertybellskp: @realdonaldtrump that s the plan. have you ever seen such a clueless leader in all your life? i am stunned daily. in war the elememt of surprise is sooooo important.what the hell is obama doing. @tkeller316 thanks! @danscavino: @realdonaldtrump - it s so bad there are actually maps of targets now in #syria & where usa ships would attack from. @mikethoms85: @realdonaldtrump with all due respect bush did exactly the same thing in iraq. you will seldom see me defending bush. @schulesix3: roast of @jamesfrancotv will be the best one since @realdonaldtrump ok as long as mine remains number one! @53andlex: @realdonaldtrump please run for potus 2016. america desperately needs a true leader with common sense! thank you. @egsiv: @arseniohall actually @realdonaldtrump should be a first guest to show #gratitude #class thanks for your nice remark! each time i see one of anthony weiner s television ads for mayor i ask what the hell is he doing just wasting money & time-go get a job! eliot spitzer has failed at everything he has ever done and now he wants to be comptroller. thrown out of politics and off of tv crazy! @ewudziyamoah: @realdonaldtrump glad to find you thank you for your philanthropic work thank you! @lucyinthesky61: @realdonaldtrump @53andlex agree completely!! mr. trump for president! thanks! @arseniohall after arsenio won celebrity apprentice he told me in tears that i would be his first guest if he got a show. no interest! @deadlykittenz: @realdonaldtrump when you are president will you be able to bring back hope jobs and cash? #trump2016 we have no choice. @jamieemingg: @realdonaldtrump i love you djt sr for president 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks! @omaha tiger: i realize what a mess we re in by watching @foxnews...then i read @realdonaldtrump tweets...like a breath of fresh air thanks. @ itstracy: @realdonaldtrump run for prime minster in the uk and first minister in scotland....we could use your help cute! @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump donald have you noticed how so many people want you to run? amazing. i think you will win handily. thanks! @charliemassie: i hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president. for obvious reasons. @pantysoaker420: @realdonaldtrump @schulesix3 @jamesfrancotv james franco is prettier than donald trump but i get better ratings! @rizz lizz: @realdonaldtrump i am surprised weiner is so delusional to think that he still has a shot! should seek help. @tarekr: @realdonaldtrump if you ever become president of the us what would be your first step? get rid of obamacare! @alto67: @realdonaldtrump your thoughts on bill de blasio for mayor... i predicted two years ago that he would win! @desorourke84: @realdonaldtrump trump tower here in chicago is such an impressive building and architecturally really fits in with the area. our country is looking very bad right now! if the u.s. attacks syria and hits the wrong targets killing civilians there will be worldwide hell to pay. stay away and fix broken u.s. think of it the arab league doesn t want to get involved with syria - but they want us to do their dirty work. how stupid! @devante4liberty: @realdonaldtrump but if we had a republican president you would say the exact opposite right? wrong! @trill blowa: if the government just listened to @realdonaldtrump this country would be so much better! president obama s arab spring is not looking so good right now! @thobane63: @realdonaldtrump why the hell are you always criticising obama because he is doing a terrible in fact embarrassing job! i applaud columbia south carolina for cleaning up biz center will cut crime & advance commerce. enjoy the ratings of president obama. china opec and russia laugh at us. but now thanks to obama so does syria. very sad! i am giving away money. check the crowdfunding site @fundanything raise money for anything! a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from. think like a champion. how can general martin dempsey tell obama that delaying the syria bombardment will have no consequences? he is no patton or macarthur. @bigpoppa181 thanks. @perkins holly great! elections have consequences. obama just published final regulations for obamacares individual mandate enjoy! representing your own brand yourself is the best way to go. if you cant sell it who will? midas touch. from the great author of rich dad poor dad-- robert kiyosaki-- here is a very nice article. @mbouchon: make an appearance @realdonaldtrump! we would love to host you at the usc #entrepreneurshipclub @scprovingground thanks! @twittahmachine0: @realdonaldtrump mr trump for president thank you! @jvmesb: @realdonaldtrump is the kind of president we need! true! @nattiebright: @realdonaldtrump if u r so disappointed at obama why don t u run for president in 2016! watch! @davidagoodman: @realdonaldtrump:how can general dempsey tell obama delaying syria bombardment will have no consequences? he s no patton! @battoulshamsi: @realdonaldtrump i just love ur way of thinking and analyzing things 2 the point. thanks. @bigsexybdavis: @realdonaldtrump mr trump would attack syria or no? no lets make our country great again as they fight their war! the great generals macarthur and patton real leaders and fighters are spinning in their graves as we give syria info & time to prepare. what i am saying is stay out of syria. for all of those fools that want to attack syria the u.s.has lost the vital element of surprise-so stupid-could be a disaster! @atkins4: @realdonaldtrump you realize that is what iran wants dont you? you beat iran in a much different fashion-not through syria! @andrewessex1: @realdonaldtrump @tannermarkboots just finished art of the deal brilliant insight into your mind thanks! @ukn96: @realdonaldtrump if two of your competitors were at war would you let them destroy each other? or would you back one? @michael dorris: @realdonaldtrump: @tannermarkboots: @realdonaldtrump never tell your enemy when where and how you are going to hit them! @shawshank5 @realdonaldtrump to be a champ. you have to believe in yourself when nobody else will true! @golflessondubai soon. @ladyjelenaxoxo thanks. congratulations to @piersmorgan on winning @britishgq tv personality of the year. piers deserves his success! .@emilymiller s book emily gets her gun exposes the attack on our second amendment a must read! many syrian rebels are radical jihadis. not our friends & supporting them doesn t serve our national interest. stay out of syria! .@serenawilliams had a flawless @usopen quarterfinal win last night. shes a great player and a wonderful person. .@gop must stay focused on defunding obamacare and the impending budget battle. dont let syria rule the agenda. happy new year to all of my jewish friends and supporters. shana tova. hopefully it will be a great year! @dhtherex thanks. @tylerkrist734 thanks. with the signature services of trump attach @trumpwaikiki brings premiere luxury to the white sands of waikiki. to keep momentum keep challenging yourself. think big. ive always defended @jayleno but he never defends me. he s not a loyal person & i now understand why everybody dumped him. jay sucks! i hear this moron @billmaher said nasty things about me hair etcboring on the terminated @jayleno show. stupid guy bad ratings! appreciate your property and your property will appreciate for you. think like a billionaire. @mariadavidson10: @realdonaldtrump you have more followers than they @billmaher @jayleno do. so true and am hopefully much smarter! @jp worldwide: @realdonaldtrump you need to go on @howardstern to bash jay leno. howard hates him too howard is right on leno-jay is over. @whiskeyscowgirl: @realdonaldtrump just turned off jay! i can t watch him anymore running out with the phony high fives-he s lost it! @reaperoftruth: @realdonaldtrump u mad because @jayleno doesn t want u on his show? he begs me to go on his show-done it many times loser! @twojacksdetail send it to me in new york doug! thanks. @pdgreenwood: i wish i could go on jay s show so badly! real quote from @realdonaldtrump real quote is i wish they would stop calling. jay leno and his people are constantly calling me to go on his show. my answer is always no because his show sucks. they love my ratings! is anthony weiner a jerk or what! @fsusteve: @realdonaldtrump why do you think you re so polarizing? because i like to be-it often times brings out the truth! @thecarlossegura: @realdonaldtrump do u like lettermans show? yes much smarter than leno. @sebast valmont: @realdonaldtrump when is @macmiller gonna pay you? that is a very good question! his only good song is donald trump. @j lowry : idc what anyone says @realdonaldtrump is the man very nice! @sebast valmont: @realdonaldtrump @macmiller lmao.. what about his tattoos? do you like those? no! @tjryyyan: @realdonaldtrump did you enjoy the experience you had with @wwe yes had a great time! @baboonview: @realdonaldtrump inspires me soo much great! @dongibson12 very true! @cbgoober: @realdonaldtrump @stephmcmahon @tjryyyan @wwe think its time for the donald to make a surprise visit to #raw speak to vince! @gene valin thank you. @livin in 80s: @realdonaldtrump hell yeah! dammit i love the frankness and brutal honesty of @realdonaldtrump ! it is the only way! @walterdisneyusa: @realdonaldtrump you would make such a good president thank you! @bchipper83: @realdonaldtrump haha i love how you just tell like it is! you aren t who you are by not doing just that! president obama put himself in a very bad position when he talked about syria crossing the red line. amazingly now he denies he said that! the only reason president obama wants to attack syria is to save face over his very dumb red line statement. do not attack syriafix u.s.a. @bchipper83: @realdonaldtrump haha i love how you just tell like it is! you aren t who you are by not doing just that! thank you! @whoopsydoodle: @realdonaldtrump god your the best mr. trump! i like you tooooo! tell congress to straighten out the many problems of our country before trying to be the policemen to the world. make america great again! if you look at the horrible picture on the front page of the ny times of the rebels executing prisoners you would say forget the rebels! while everyone is waiting and prepared for us to attack syria maybe we should knock the hell out of iran and their nuclear capabilities? @gregfrech: @realdonaldtrump have you seen the video of the rebel commander cutting out and eating the syrian soldiers heart & liver!! again to our very foolish leader do not attack syria - if you do many very bad things will happen & from that fight the u.s. gets nothing! i have just lost my beautiful & elegant long time exec. assistant norma foerderer. she passed away yesterday a truly magnificent woman. it will be interesting to see what happens to eliot spitzer if he loses the election for comptroller to very capable @scottmstringer. that would mean that eliot spitzer has failed at everything he s done--politics tv & even real cont. if president obama was going to attack syria he shouldve done it a long time ago as a surprise & not after cont. must read via @iowagop by @shanevanderhart: congress should vote no on syria. all former bush administration officials should have zero standing on syria. iraq was a waste of blood & treasure. a 40mph gust of wind wrecked a wind turbine in scotland any turbine in close proximity to a school must go! russia is sending a fleet of ships to the mediterranean. obamas war in syria has the potential to widen into a worldwide conflict. in january 12 3 turbines were wrecked in rough weather ... ... while a 300ft turbine in ardrossan north ayrshire erupted in flames the previous month during gales of 165 mph. if you plan for the worst if you can live with the worst the good will always take care of itself. the art of the deal. we should not attack syria but if they make the stupid move to do so the arab leaguewhose members are laughing at us should pay! @jessegunplayjay: @realdonaldtrump you re a pussy shut up and stop crying @jayleno show is funny no jay is dumb as a rock-gets outplayed. the terrorists in syria are calling themselves rebels and getting away with it because our leaders are so completely stupid! @jahbalon: why is sierra club not speaking up for the birds slain by turbines? must read from biologist. @khalidnasser: @realdonaldtrump in this case what would you do if you were the president? i d rebuild the u.s. and make it great again! @autumnallday: @realdonaldtrump i wish you d run for office. the country needs more minds like yours. thank you. @reallltalk: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! thanks. @vindictivraider: @realdonaldtrump well quit yapping about and run for office. i like your ideas. do it!! did you ever see a situation so ridiculous as our president explaining what when and where to congress about a syrian attack. far too late! we don t have the leadership including the generals who just said the element of surprise does not matter to attack anyone! cool it. really bad news just announced concerning jobs. far fewer jobs created in august than anticipated. interest rates therefore to remain low. i wonder how much our leaders have promised or given russia in order for them to behave and not make the u.s. look even worse? i am not angry at russia or china because their leaders are far smarter than ours. we need real leadership and fastbefore it is too late. @robyncook7: it s sad that @realdonaldtrump knows more about politics than our politicians. remember the golden rule of negotiating: he who has the gold makes the rules. midas touch. the historic 250m renovations at @trumpdoral are moving on pace. once complete @trumpdoral will be south floridas premiere resort. no surprise. woman being cited by kerry & mccain on syrian rebels is a paid consultant of the rebels. via @miamiherald by hannah sampson: blt prime coming to trumps doral resort. many of the syrian rebels are radical jihadi islamists who are murdering christians. why would we ever fight with them? obama is not a leader he s just a campaigner! do you want to know who you are? don t ask. act! action will delineate and define you. - thomas jefferson. any political leader who wont face the future head on is putting the american dream at risk. the america we deserve. @garrygreiner: @realdonaldtrump we should send obama and congress to syria! when we have big disasters no one comes to our aid or even suggests helping - but we are always expected to come to the aid of others! if syria was forced to use obamacare they would self-destruct without a shot being fired. obama should sell them that idea! @curehdsaorg: @bretbaier huntingtons disease is a terminal and genetic illness.please retweet for education. @bretbaier: thx rt @jedediahbila well done @bretbaier thurs cable news ratings: fox s bret baier beats cnn msnbc hln combined. just watching nbc news where our potential attack is being detailed-the exact ships the stealth bombers the destinations-so ridiculous! syria has been given so much time that much of the things we were going to bomb have been moved into civilian areas! a polititian s war. former president jimmy carter is so happy that he is no longer considered the worst president in the history of the united states! i m a republican but not a fan of the last george bush-he also was a lousy president iraq etc. . in fact he was so bad he gave us obama! @robertr369: @realdonaldtrump if only japan had the same courtesy dec 1941 they should have told us they were coming like us with syria! @ericjgiroux: @realdonaldtrump you need to make a run time will tell! @thegroveguru: @realdonaldtrump could you imagine bill belichek broadcasting to tom coughlin exactly when and where he was going to blitz? @lucindamac thank you but we are dealing with many very stupid people! speaking of our very stupid war with iraq it is totally disintegrating and iran with russia will walk in and take it over lots of oil ! @kwatkiins: saw @realdonaldtrump on a video in history yesterday... made my day #smartestmanalive thanks very nice. @rlsteetle: @realdonaldtrump i m addicted to your books. are you writing another any time soon? at some point there is so much to write! @unabashedprog: @realdonaldtrump @thegroveguru can you imagine serious people comparing modern warfare to a football game? actually yes! isn t it intetesting that anybody who attacks president obama is considered a racist by the real racists out there! president obama do not attack syria. there is no upside and tremendous downside. save your powder for another and more important day! @anitaozz2: @toure @realdonaldtrump trump will do or say anything. but toure why only one name? is just a very dumb racist-bad ratings! @midgespeaks i want him to do a great job but he can t. @wussydemon: can i get a rt from @realdonaldtrump for getting three of the best looking shirts @macys #bigfan. @fadis 83: @realdonaldtrump is the mannever heard such wise words. #handsoffsyria. smart! @marklevinshow: oh how painful this must be for liberals and rinos! great going mark-terrific book! my shirts ties and suits are selling great @macy s because they are the best and most stylish at a really reasonable price - thanks! @ctumbert: love stracciatella and strawberry ice cream from @trumptowerny @realdonaldtrump that s great enjoy! @dexterpugh great looking couple-good to have him back! @cosmostickets: @realdonaldtrump @macy your apparel is the first thing i look at when i go to the mall! thanks - you have good taste! @joeperella3: @realdonaldtrump @macy i got a suit and 3 ties from you great joe! @vnessa09: do you wear your brand from @macy s? rt @realdonaldtrump: yes! @arianag lover26: @realdonaldtrump @macy damn right just bought one lookin fresh! great! @hoxma: @realdonaldtrump my djt collection men s wallet from @macy s lasted me many years. loved that wallet. @tombwiles: @realdonaldtrump you forgot to mention the stylish cufflinks. true - people love them - thanks! @jimslickatshort: @realdonaldtrump we really don t need your shirts damn we need your brains! get involved in politics! thanks! @hyda313: @realdonaldtrump i have the cuff links!!!! they single handedly got me a job!! @rossmccutchen: @realdonaldtrump where can i find more trump ties...they are the best ties i ve ever owned at trump tower - 57th & fifth. @mathewaiken great! @bishopcoggins: @realdonaldtrump tomorrow morning i will be sporting my trump collection tie & cuffs!!! @sybilalopez: @realdonaldtrump the quality is the best. a . @et614: @realdonaldtrump give me an update on anthony weiner ?? he s finished! @cobra4748: @realdonaldtrump i just bought one of your shirts for a business tripqualitystyle&value from a name i trust. @et614: @realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016 !!! thanks! @madrox91: i think @realdonaldtrump should run office for one day. then maybe some stuff would get set straight. the right way. thank you! do you notice that nobody is talking about the many scandals of the obama administration anymore - the teflon president! @ashley rad1432: @realdonaldtrump #2016 #changeisnear ???? could happen! @fidanizzbig you need both thanks. @josegonzalez 69: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote and i m a democrat! albeit a conservative one thanks joe. @gretawire: presobama is not busy talking to congress about syria..he is playing golf ...go figure. @seanofkbio: @trumpgolflinks @realdonaldtrump what a coarse what service. a jewel of scotland. doing a commercial for @nflonfox- lots of fun! @queeniegotgame: @realdonaldtrump @nflonfox you rocked it! made my day!! enjoy your sunday mr trump! : : : thanks! @johndoe5210: @realdonaldtrump @nflonfox great. i don t always agree with you but i always respect you. thank you. @toughnewworld: i may not always agree with @realdonaldtrump statements.. but he does have a good looking line of shirts and ties. @skqush: @realdonaldtrump @barackobama wears ua line of #shirts too even if you don t agree wit his #leadership style! very cute. @dianemarshall : @realdonaldtrump speaks nothing but the truth unlike certain people in the current presidential administration true diane. @robin1260: @realdonaldtrump bought 5 trump shirts for husband today. so sophisticated! hope u run for president. thanks and enjoy! @michael mkw10: @realdonaldtrump when will u decide if you are going to run in 2016? got to love the trump brand but trump presidency best! @rangerle901: @realdonaldtrump @robin1260 yup. trump line rocks. the ties are impeccable ! thanks dt. @dashinglis: @realdonaldtrump @robin1260 i m in the states next week and whenever i am there i always buy trump shirts and ties. i luv em. @riqardpaliq: @realdonaldtrump you are my inspirationyou are true legendand i wish i had same fate like you!!! you are doing well. @ptmaher1: @realdonaldtrump visited your winery in charlottesville va today. amazing! thanks. the new york giants are looking really bad so far tonight. does not get much worse than this! great comeback by tom brady-new england! tony romo just made a great play-giants are getting killed! @brock2120: @realdonaldtrump watch donald i m a huge fan but a huuuuuge bills fan. painful loss. a tough one to take! also great comeback by the new york jets. that game was over until a really dumb defensive play by tampa. amazing. @jamesshelby: @realdonaldtrump what is your opinion on tebow? was destroyed at jets-great guy-should have gone to jacksonville! @jonc316: @realdonaldtrump jags gm stated he would not take tebow even if released. can he go back in that statement?!? he should! @true a smith: @realdonaldtrump thoughts on geno?? he played great especially for his first game! @dongibson12: @realdonaldtrump @riqardpaliq hopefully donald trumps fate is to be a very old rich ex president in good health. so nice! doing fox & friends at 7 a.m. why are we fighting for the rebels that hate us-only to save face for obama! don t attack syria - an attack that will bring nothing but trouble for the u.s. focus on making our country strong and great again! #theview lots of fun on @theviewtv with @jennymccarthy and @sherrieshepherd-. @thebig easy ernie--you are doing a great job with #autismsupport--glad to help. see you at trump national jupiter. adopt the arts campaign at @fundanything ensures that an underfunded public school has music and arts programs. downtown manhattans trendiest hotel @trumpsoho -- 46 stories of luxurious rooms fine dining & the spa. congratulations to @serenawilliams on her superb @usopen win. she is terrific! now obama has set red line 2 with demand that assad hands over syrias chemical weapons or it will face an attack. this week will mark the 1 year anniversary of the attack in benghazi that left 4 americans dead. no answers! iraq has granted iran full air rights to fly over and arm syria. what did america accomplish with the iraq war? and now syria?! our economy is in trouble. the unemployed are more likely to drop out of the workforce than find a job. we need growth-- and now! so much for global warming. earth is cooling at a record pace. it is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. -theodore roosevelt. @toure if you weren t such a dumb racist moron with bad ratings you would know i never filed for bankruptcynow worth over 10 billion dummy. @toure dumb as a rock toure doesn t have a clue about money or anything else-merely a simpleton racist.really bad ratingsreally stupid guy. @notleadinglady: @realdonaldtrump @toure mr. trump how is toure a racist? i just don t see it. not enough people watch him to know! icahn kravis zell buffett have all used the bankrutcy law to their benefit. many of the top business people do. @mrmarin88: why does @realdonaldtrump always insist on calling ppl names and trying to taunt like a kid in a schoolyard? only stupid people. @toure why does a network allow a stupid racist like toure to stay on the air when his ratings are so abysmal! can there be only one reason. @rgorman33: @realdonaldtrump @mrmarin88 lol! way to go trump!brilliant and funny! double threat guy! @philknudsen: @toure @realdonaldtrump just curious toure how have you done with your business ventures and how many people do you employ? @longhornhomer he is not smart enough to understand! do you believe what is going on in washington with respect to syria - these people don t have a clue! @the2reggie: @realdonaldtrump personally i would ignore toure everybody else does. he is not relevant you are. i don t like dumb racists! @joeynosocks: @emmacochrane9 @forq2 @realdonaldtrump @toure would you lend him 10? 98 of people wouldn t. no he s too stupid-lost s. @zacharysperling: @realdonaldtrump how old were you when you decided what you wanted to do with your life? 18. @andfor1: @toure: @realdonaldtrump syria is a complex and dynamic situation. no one would expect you to comprehend it. nor obama! so true. i ll be going to the old post office building on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. today. will create one of world s great hotels. lots of jobs! @arseniohall arsenio may your run be long successful and important-just be yourself and you will be a smash! good luck. @mystory2: @realdonaldtrump did u get boo d at the us open last night? no very friendly crowd-great match! @jman8354: @realdonaldtrump empires rise and empires fall i just hope as a black man i m dead b4 ours falls cuse if i ain t we re gone 1st. @garyrathman: @realdonaldtrump do those jobs provide health insurance? yes big league! @liammccallum85: @realdonaldtrump should be elected for president of the world. the man speak great sense about world problems!! #leader. @angiecallahan4: @realdonaldtrump what time dose your days start? 4 or 5 a.m.! this george zimmerman is really a mess - he really has to just disappear! he attacked his wife last night . @mdhmdhmdh: @realdonaldtrump why don t you retire and spend your money? too boring! @driftaguy: @realdonaldtrump who is your favourite celebrity apprentice winner? i have many! @dialad7: @realdonaldtrump you are my role model i want to be like you in my own original way. #inspiration thanks! #trumpvine from d.c.-. heading down to d.c. just landed in d.c. press conference at the old post office in d.c. soon to be the greatest hotel in u.s. don trump jr @ivankatrump @erictrump #oldpostoffice. we deserve all the answers on benghazi! @repwolfpress. for all of my millions of followers and at your request i will be tweeting tonight during president obamas speech! 9pm et. obama and kerry are bungling syria by the hour. they have set americas deterrence & stature back by years. amateurs! want to take a quiz with me? download the @millonseconds app and watch @ryanseacrest on monday at 8 7c on @nbc. assad will never give up his chemical weapons. he has spent years and billions accumulating them. this is all a ruse. @ellevarner f.o.c.u.s. - follow one course until successful @realdonaldtrump -midas touch this is a great read thanks. @bahia6085 @realdonaldtrump can you imagine obama running his own business? how sad would that be? you never know! @missuniverse @missusa @missteenusa @sherrihill olivia a total winner! @wasimperviz @realdonaldtrump when will u return to @wwe? @vincemcmahon soon! @1996goldberg happy birthday! msnbc s tour has epic race-baiting meltdown on cnn it s toure s modus operandi. he is so angry. @frankie rap cant wait to hear what @realdonaldtrump has to say about obama s speech tonight! i ll be tweeting during speech. @housedealsnow @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr thank you. @carepublican12 @toure so true! in order to stay competitive in your industry it is imperative to keep up to date on all news. a great commodity is information. danger-weiner is a free man at 12:01am. he will be back sexting with a vengeance. all women remain on alert. @universifize @ivankatrump @erictrump it will be great & produce many jobs. @austinodusanya1 @realdonaldtrump you are a great mentor. i have all your books great--good luck! the russians are playing a very smart game. in the meantime they are buying lots of time for syria and making u.s. look foolish. dangerous! @vdit13: @realdonaldtrump you are a great american!! thanks from a vietnam vet! this new russian strategy guarantees victory for the syrian government-and makes obama and u.s. look hopelessly bad. president in trouble! red line statement was a disaster for president obama. @asbrowntown: .@realdonaldtrump you want to send more americans out to war? why don t you sign up? i am against an attack on syria dummy! @jaylefler: @realdonaldtrump putin is much smarter than obama. no surprise his tactics. @kevin47881: @realdonaldtrump the 0bama presidency has been a disaster for america. @d18mt2: @realdonaldtrump you will knock the president anyway. wrong i would love to see him do a great job but it s not working that way. @edbaram13: @realdonaldtrump everything you say is true and i respect you because your not afraid to say it. @obamafraudulent: @realdonaldtrump @d18mt2 the birth certificate that you forced obama to show is a computer generated forgery. @dawesy boy: @realdonaldtrump putin is making o and kerry look like chumps! @nick oros: @realdonaldtrump full supporter of #trump2016 thanks. @allen1006: @realdonaldtrump @kevin47881 he has kept his campaign pledge to fundamentally transform america-for the worse! @jcoyshox25: i honestly think our next president should be @realdonaldtrump .. people can say what they want but dude seems to have it. will be covering president obama s speech at 9.00 on twitter-you are all so lucky! here we go! does he look sharp smart and presidential-his hands keep hitting the podium making a loud and distracting noise-microphone too sensitive. making his case in a nice and articulate manner. doesn t want to remove assad - worries what comes next. @bingham tammy: @realdonaldtrump why wasn t obama more concerned w benghazi #americans killed. syria not our business. he is working hard and for that he must be given credit! we will have to see what russia s next move will be. they may have given him an out of an embarrassing situation or drove into deeper mess! bottom line i don t think president changed people s minds - must hope for a lifeline from putin a very dangerous lifeline at that! wow eliot spitzer has lost - great news for new york city! @mikethescrew: @realdonaldtrump give credit where it is due. nyc voters chose correctly. @tvreporter: @realdonaldtrump what will you miss most about wiener? absolutely nothing! i fought hard against spitzer and weiner and both lost. for a while when spitzer was way up it seemed that i was a lone voice! good power. thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spitzer. remember in the beginning they said it couldn t be done! @brock2120: @realdonaldtrump i remember when schneiderman was 2nd in command to patterson on the d side. can you believe those two? @drake4444444: youre welcome. we did it! @realdonaldtrump: thank you to all of my twitter followers for helping to defeat weiner and spit-. @tsatsasepia: @realdonaldtrump: a big key to winning is knowing where the other side is coming from. think like a champion. @thegreatgedi: @realdonaldtrump in donald we trust. thanks! @deanoct: @realdonaldtrump you sir have the greatest twitter of all time thank you! @morningafterbil: @realdonaldtrump i can t imagine you being bad at anything. you are the real most interesting man in the world. wownice. @the clarkside: @realdonaldtrump is the man! #trumpforpresident thanks! @jean penny: @realdonaldtrump i love love donald trump! thanks! lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman asked us for political contributions during his investigation of usthen sued for 40 million.dopey guy! lightweight attorney general eric schneiderman will be next to lose. he goes after a school with a 98 approval ratingleaves biggies alone. @airmanfirst: @realdonaldtrump think weiner will move to a state that doesn t know him? he should move better for him to make a new start. @thorpe81: @realdonaldtrump you are the greatest.. thank you. #staygreat! i will be working hard on that! the only reason obama gave a speech last night was because it was on the schedule-putin is laughing and the reviews have been really bad! back to work for the president to try and keep some dignity for the office and himself. the so-called rebels must be thoroughly confused! assad hit the jackpot! weiner is gone spitzer is gone - next will be lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. is he a crook? wait and see worse than spitzer or weiner. @johndoe5210: @realdonaldtrump . i worked for another self made man elon musk. i have the greatest respect for both of you. thank you! @theteflondante: @realdonaldtrump who should be the ag replacement? any thoughts? there are a number of very good people! @codybaine: @realdonaldtrump your passion for entertainment biz is so great that it bought you a name recognition outside business field. @best is me: @realdonaldtrump is on a roll and its only 7:10a my time. i love his enthusiasm! if only everyone had his thought process. @kbmc24: @realdonaldtrump my husband and i think you re so awesome!! we can t wait to come to nyc one day and see the trump towers! great! @redellis1: @realdonaldtrump he must go... people like him r destroying our country and our principals! re lightweight a.g. schneiderman. spitzer and weiner lost lightweight eric schneiderman will be next - he will be challenged in the primary. he has done a really poor job! i said that eliot spitzer was going to lose when he was way up in the polls. i fought him when others retreated out of fear. never give up! putin is having such a good time. our president is making him look like the genius of all geniuses. do not fearwe are a nation of potential. obama must now start focusing on our country jobs healthcare and all of our many problems. forget syria and make america great again! @accountsrs @realdonaldtrump thank you for saving new york from another spitzer era. we got lucky! @joshskaggs @realdonaldtrump stayed in your chicago hotel last night. great staff and awesome room! thanks! @tammieharrison great! @ewilli1204 thanks! via @ap: donald ivanka trump say dcs old post office pavilion will be 1 of countrys finest hotels. god bless all the brave souls who perished 12 years ago today. you will never be forgotten! an ad hoc interview i filmed with a german journalist at ground zero hours after the attack. donald trump jr. ivanka trump eric trump and myself in front of the old post office d.c. on pennsylvania... a year ago today a diplomat and 3 security operatives were abandoned by our government while they were under attack. never forget! @alan saranga thanks. many people have asked recently when do you sleep? the answer is -- not much. why is oil at a record high? opec & the oil speculators continue to rip us off. take calculated risks. that is quite different from being rash. - george s. patton. @brentludington never give up--how i turned my biggest challenges into success. @realdonaldtrump: i would like to extend my best wishes to all even the haters and losers on this special date september 11th. @mjgrilliot: @realdonaldtrump is the funniest yet most honest person on twitter thanks! @bburke0920: @realdonaldtrump stay awesome mr. trump you are an inspiration and a great american wish our elected officials could be same! @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump wish more people with large followings would speak up like mr. trump always does. true not honest! putin s letter is a masterpiece for russia and a disaster for the u.s. he is lecturing to our president.never has our country looked to weak. @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump more obvious every day: america desperately needs trump at the helm! thanks andy! @chrisfalcodrago: @realdonaldtrump my desktop in the office thanks! i will be doing #gdny good day n.y. with rosanna &greg live at 8.30 a.m. i will be giving money to a great guy who lost his son in the wtc. @fenwickrx: @realdonaldtrump @newson6: study: wind farms killed 67 eagles in five years. tina brown could finally be over. @thedailybeast is a total failure. she just got fired great! @thetinabeast is claiming that she decided to leave the @thedailybeast. sure just like every other magazine that fired her. at least @thetinabeast is consistent. she takes over a magazine and it ends up in the gutter. named best golf course in the world by @robbreport trump int l golf links scotland is a 7400 yd par 72. must read piece by @danielpipes: obama s diplomatic acrobatics. china russia and iran are laughing at us. we have weak leaders who are threatening our national security. dangerous times. now assad is demanding that obama stop supporting the rebels before he turns over his chemical weapons. what a mess! no games! house @gop must defund obamacare! if they dont then they own it! .@yankees manager joe girardi is a gritty leader who stands up for his players. doing a great job! my interview w @bloombergtv s peter cook re the old post office bldg becoming trump int l hotel washington d.c. trust your instincts especially if they are well honed. midas touch. wow with all this talk @missuniverse is going to russia on november 9th-. most people do not know what presient obama is going to do to save his legacy. i do! he s got to get back to basics.forget syria-fix the usa. @thegrumpyhusky: @realdonaldtrump he s too late on fixing america. that ll be your priority once you take over office in 2016 sir. @aj baylor: @realdonaldtrump has the best opinionated tweets about politics in this country thank you i agree! @duneknight: @realdonaldtrump are you gonna run for president? all this talk of politics is waste if you don t run. you are correct! we should stop talking stay out of syria and other countries that hate us rebuild our own country and make it strong and great again-usa! @imsjustjustin: trump2016! you can preach a better sermon with your life than your lips. please sir make the announcement! #patriotic. @janmillercohost thanks jan! @umman91 great going congrats! @carolecjf: @realdonaldtrump @aj baylor you are such a welcome voice of reason. thanks! @marksimoneny mark - thanks for remembering. @reinaplaza: @realdonaldtrump don t call me a witch or mediumbut i know you will be the next usa president. and you will get peace! wow! @lmowle: @realdonaldtrump pls hlp & sign & rt ned 10k signatures stacey7 has cancer & very ill in hosp http. @dancurran4: @realdonaldtrump take the money we would waste in syria. give it to you. you go rebuild detroit. so true! prayers go out to the victims of the terrible fire in new jersey. stay strong and remember it will soon get better. obama is now warning north korea on the yongbyon nuclear reactor after syria our enemies are laughing! @tkdhardy: @realdonaldtrump how about jim furyk and his 59 today greatness jim furyk is a great golfer and a great guy! @caitconn: on a serious note @realdonaldtrump s tweets are genius. one of the smartest people! thank you very nice! i truly hope president obama doesn t do something irrational and dangerous for our country in order to save face. he must sit back and chill. @peaceout4hire: @realdonaldtrump nobody will laugh at us when you re in charge. #peaceout that is so true! @pgaalltheway: @realdonaldtrump played with one of the assistant pro s from doral said the new design is amazing can t wait! @jasonbordui: the best place for a great lunch with a spectacular view in chicago is @sixteenchicago @realdonaldtrump. @mastersasser: @realdonaldtrump when are we going to have a pga tour event @trumpgolfdc ? best course i ve ever played. very soon! @allenwronowski: @realdonaldtrump @erictrump @trumpgolfdc have created something very special. #2103juniorpga best ever is the word here. @allenwronowski: @trumpgolfdc did a wonderful job with the opening dinner for #2013juniorpga. food and room were fantastic - thanks.allen! @rizz lizz: @realdonaldtrump thank you for caring so much about the u.s.a.! @charliemurphy just remember arsenio wouldn t be back at all if it were not for donald j. trump - he admits that - he will do great! new york fashion week is really bad and used to be so glamorous and exciting! no stars no fun-just boring. they need serious help. #nyfw. @exlwaters: @realdonaldtrump @rizz lizz not all four seasons hotels are good. every trump is always perfect. so true thanks! @amaninmanhattan: we are all wondering who @realdonaldtrump likes in tonight s fight! #mayweathercanelo #sohohouse mayweather! @curehdsaorg: @realdonaldtrump thank you for caring about huntingtons disease! you are amazing! so many blessings your way! thank you! @jp worldwide: @realdonaldtrump buy it .... turn it around .... and flip it as only the donald can that s what i do-but sometimes keep it. @jeremyrlack: @realdonaldtrump what would your first act in office be? to end obamacare. @mikeoconnell10: @realdonaldtrump i played your course in the nj mid am this week. it couldn t have been better. perfect? thanks mike. @pablofication: @realdonaldtrump the world needs a strong & proud america back to founding principals. you know how to make things great! @floydmayweather my prediction of floyd is looking good! @floydmayweather great fight floyd - you showed them all once again! @duanemcanally: @realdonaldtrump really stuck your neck on the line there. great shout. .thank you. @tee rellzz: i may not agree with everything he says but your definitely a good businessman @realdonaldtrump very true! when i say i would end obamacare i would also come up with a plan that would be far better much easier to understand and cost less! @catherine1840: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the new season of apprentice but we still need ur business sense for our nation! thanks! @1jeffhensley: @realdonaldtrump @duanemcanally donald we need you in 2016. youre the only one who can turn us around now!! trump 2016 true. @smile4riley: @realdonaldtrump just one tweet from the donald could change lil riley of njs life post heart lung transplant. @a roy0317: i am proud to say as a first time voter i already know that i will vote for @realdonaldtrump in 2016. #youthvote #change #proud. @ashleybonder: @realdonaldtrump if you had to start all over again which industry would you choose ? real estate ashley. @floydmayweather the judge who called the fight a draw should be thrown out of boxing-it wasn t even close. she is incompetent or worse. @mbrown1047: @realdonaldtrump - 52 and thinking of trying real estate as a new career. good idea in our current economy or not? great idea. @99awesomeone: @realdonaldtrump how about wrestlemania 30 donald vs vince?!?! #wm30 sounds good to me i already hold the record! @projectmayhem m: i want to go to @wharton just like @realdonaldtrump. he is a hero of mine. such a brilliant man. wharton is great! @anishabhasin1 you wedding at trump national was one of the most beautiful i have ever seen - more importantly an amazing couple! @projectmayhem m: @realdonaldtrump will be our next president. mark my words. thanks for your nice words and thoughts! @sarahbeth1020: @realdonaldtrump & @seanhannity on @foxnews this morning!?!? my day has been made!!!! #betterwithfriends thanks sarah. i cant believe my friend derek jeter is out for whole season--injured day he left trump world tower. lucky bldg.-- move back fast! congratulations to @ehasselbeck on her successful first day as co-host of @foxandfriends! great to be in studio today for elisabeth. congrats to @breitbartnews @mboyle1 on being awarded the prestigious eagle award for amnesty reporting. great column by david bossie at @breitbartnews: a battle won but the war continues to defund obamacare. i predict that president obama will at some point attack iran in order to save face! bashar assad is stronger today than he was before obama threatened military action. obama really bungled this. michigan has made great progress under snyder-calley. @migop is out early energizing the grassroots. keep it up! #joinmiteam. only 15 days until obamacare is implemented. congress must waive the monstrosity for regular americans. why should they be punished? i am proud to announce our newest project trump tower mumbai. together with the lodha group it will be incredible! @brownteeth: @realdonaldtrump since all of your predictions have been spot on! true! @deasworld: @realdonaldtrump stunning! wishing you a great success in mumbai. thank you. @dhalley: @realdonaldtrump sounds like a fantastic project. keep us posted on the progress. take care. thank you. @saredelman: @realdonaldtrump is the greatest. to everyone who hates on him he does not care what you say. @jcotheamerican: @realdonaldtrump i m a fresh in college and i dream of being half the entrepreneur you are donald. you will do great. @arseniohall has great ratings-i told you so. he should pay me at least 25 of his earnings because he would be nowhere without donald trump. the navy yard shooting is a horrible disaster. if we don t clean up our country of the garbage soon we are just going to do a death spiral! american exceptionalism and the navy yard shooting do not go hand in hand. foreign countries in particular russia are mocking the u.s. @hunterboss1996: @realdonaldtrump trump really knows what he s talking about. everyone is just too jealous to listen. lol. thank you! the costa concordia shipwreck is a monument to stupidity but the uprighting of the ship is a monument to genius! success is getting what you want. happiness is wanting what you get. - dale carnegie. keep focusing on doing what you love even if times are tough. think big. the mind that opens to a new idea never comes back to its original size. -- einstein. @chloe eliise: i really hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president in 2016 thanks so do many people our country is going to hell! @kaburuole: @realdonaldtrump like einstein was the greatest scientist i submit you are the greatest entreprenuer of our time. thank you. @seanhannity thanks sean keep up the good work! @randyminshew: america needs a brilliant patriot like @realdonaldtrump to guide this country! thank you! @dropz11: @realdonaldtrump @chloe eliise unfortunately the good men like trump only run for president once a century. thank you. @realbboy360: @realdonaldtrump boeing is at a record high thanks for saying to buy a while back you are welcome. @captainblob: @realdonaldtrump i just bought a trump mattress and it is presidential made by serta they are really great. .@rnc leadership should not be afraid of a government shutdown. they should be afraid of not defunding obamacare. @akendall13 too early! there are great campaigns on @fundanything be sure to take a look and donate to one today. video of my day at the old post office- soon to be the most fabulous hotel! everyone should calm down. @benaffleck is going to do a great job as batman. becoming an entrepreneur is a personal-development program. if you grow personally your business will grow. midas touch. build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. that s building the right way. - think like a champion. just returned from trump doral in miami. massive construction job. when completed will be the best resort in u.s. blue monster is amazing! @seanhannity #defund obamacare! lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman sued school with a 98 approval rating while billions in corruption goes unpunished. a total crook? why is lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman allowed to ask for campaign contributions from my people during settlement negotiations? lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman is perhaps the most incompetent and least respected a.g. in the u.s. he is a total joke! @casey1137: @realdonaldtrump can you prove it? yes! @apb51283: america needs a strong leader with an innovative mind. @realdonaldtrump you are that leader and nobody else is even close . t. @margaritapotter: @realdonaldtrump you got it donald that resort will be the best!!!! @swingtrader2012: @realdonaldtrump i think trump chicago is the single most beautiful building in the world. thank you. @mark yamin: @realdonaldtrump right! and who files a lawsuit on a saturday anyway? good call d.t. he thought you would settle because of pr. @10ajmccarron great game last week your team really needed you! @leighannmac send his info to my office. @jeffpetak: @realdonaldtrump when is the blue monster going to be open for play? november 15. @3ddudra: @realdonaldtrump do you know when the trump tower in vancouver is suppossed to open? 18 months. @dalasner yes. @phil grech your not free you ll never be free. you ll be back if you ever left because you can t help yourself! i cannot believe that apple didn t come out with a larger screen iphone. samsung is stealing their business. steve jobs is spinning in grave. @keilanik1: @realdonaldtrump apple meant for their phones to go to people who have super sight & abnormally tiny fingers for texting. @iphoneteam better get a large screen iphone and fast or risk losing even more business. samsung cannot believe you have not acted! dumb! lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman meets with president obama who he told me sucks as a president and quickly files a suit against me! lightweight schneiderman s suit was filed on a saturday unheard of against a school with a 98 approval rating right after obama meeting. @samshahrooz: @realdonaldtrump why dont you run for president? i think you would win and be a great president! #trumpforpresident thanks! @anthonydefrenza: @realdonaldtrump apple is hard of hearing. so true! @geomac24 amazing engineering accomplishment that does not make economic sense. my comments on a larger screen iphone were in addition to existing unit not a replacement. screen should be 10 larger than samsung. as a stockholder in apple they should get on with a larger screen iphone as a supplementimmediately. .@mileycyrus dont worry about liam. you can do much better and you have plenty of timeremain strong! @acarra3 is this your new building in yahoo weather app @realdonaldtrump yes--thanks. president obama seems so fawning and desperate to make a deal with iran that lots of bad results can occur. be cool and be careful! president obama must remember that the worst thing you can do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. be cool move slowly - and think! iran. @hoppmar: @realdonaldtrump i saw his brother in kenya interviewed he may be wiser actually. i m so surprised his brother lives in kenya. move slowly carefully --- and then strike like the fastest animal on the planet! @seankanderson: @realdonaldtrump i have so much respect for you that i don t care that you blatantly criticize the president i support! @spencer67: @realdonaldtrump for once i completely agree with you! business wise you re brilliant. i just don t support your politics! ok. @fathersiisi: @realdonaldtrump s tweets about negotiations should be treated as trusted gem s cause he knows what he s talking about! @maxiculture: @realdonaldtrump your thoughts are simple straight precise timely and timeless. thank you! @klyushina eng: @realdonaldtrump when do you plan to come to moscow? at the beginning of november? looking forward for your coming nov. 9. @clydejayvy: @realdonaldtrump you d be a great professor. my uncle was a professor at m.i.t. @ovobeckford2: rt: @realdonaldtrump hahahahahahaha. smart guy. i think he did same to me. trump is loved in nigeria via the apprentice. @icemanimmg: @realdonaldtrump is the best in business . #nodaysoff right up there! @innovember2012: @realdonaldtrump why can t this president do anything right? he s such a disaster! a fair question! @magmom13 yes she is fantastic! @johnmorrow821: @realdonaldtrump you should have been president. the us would have a surplus of cash! true! @andreamanco95: @realdonaldtrump. mr trump..i remember your match vs @vincemcmahon..it was awesome...what a business man! thank you! @realjohnanthon: @realdonaldtrump why do you hate africa so much? i don t-tremendous potential! via @cbs19: trump winery president nominated for award by wine enthusiast magazine congrats @erictrump! congratulations to @speakerboehner on standing strong and tying government shutdown to defunding obamacare. americans by & large hate obamacare. they see obama lied to get it passed. they see big business & govt got waivers. defund! @lexiperez96 hi lexxay. @corsoc311 @samshahrooz thanks cathy. if you include people who have left the work force unemployment rate is 15 . labor participation rate is lowest in 70 yrs. opening in 2016 trump tower punta del este will bring our signature luxury living to the sands of playa brava. welcome to the new reality. 23116928 us households on food stamps obama s hope & change. the donald j. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers the finest style in menswear. one man with courage is a majority. - thomas jefferson. our constitution was made only for a moral & religious people. it is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.-- john adams. @mullaney3000: @realdonaldtrump what a victory at the member guest today at trump national bedminster. #braggingrights i love to win! @hoppmar: @realdonaldtrump and you also made a great call on ba a few months ago and you were so right ! and made lots of money-thanks! @lillirome: can @realdonaldtrump replace @mcuban on #sharktank? mark is doing just fine but thanks! @seankanderson: @realdonaldtrump my late-mother and i watch the apprentice since s1. i was 10yo...the foundation for my love of business. an important part of my or anybody s success is the ability to judge people. i believe that @mileycyrus is a really good person. @joshjame: best twitter follow i ever made: the donald. random 24 7 mt @realdonaldtrump: i believe that @mileycyrus is a really good person. @cherylpotgieter: @realdonaldtrump just watched your roast here in sa and u were brilliant thank you! @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump @klyushina eng are you going to straighten out the russia syria problem? hope so. can be done! republicans must unite to defund obamacare - it will drive our country into oblivion and by the way the healthcare is no good anyway! @brendaswigert: @realdonaldtrump i value your opinion. i value your wisdom from experience and education. you have so much to offer! thanks. @67chester: @realdonaldtrump care to say a few words to @irangovt ? get rid of the nukes and fast! @aperanio827: @realdonaldtrump us taxpayers are tired of carrying the deadbeats. @hitillidie: @realdonaldtrump no george buch did that . george bush gave us obama! @nickterry18: @realdonaldtrump is such an amazing person to be honest.. his book inspires me to work hard and be successful thanks. @miranda diplo: @realdonaldtrump is much more than just a republican. he is a brilliant entrepreneur and individual. thank you. @originalarts1 thank you it is great. you have real talent! @kobayashinick: @realdonaldtrump do you have to retweet the only people who actually give you a complement? should i retweet haters-losers? @mgmacdon: @realdonaldtrump thinking of booking #trump vegas for our anniversary. how are the rooms? do they sell trump water? great & yes. @eckbowman: @realdonaldtrump donald the course you have given us in scotland is world class! thank you! @patsintensity happy birthday! @nymike7: @kaatje36 let me ask if you dislike @realdonaldtrump then why do you read his tweets? because they can t live without me-haters! @rsmundo: @realdonaldtrump @nymike7 @kaatje36 i like the donald. an american hero. @vincemcmahon: @realdonaldtrump on #raw equals ratings true! @melissail really good thanks m. @delavegaprophet: @realdonaldtrump always great working with you. you are a true modern master. thank you. @teamreiss8 thanks. @daveesnova: @realdonaldtrump the unparalleled genius thanks. @995mu: @delavegaprophet @realdonaldtrump de la vega wise words to trump. love the man. want to see an icon outlast life itself. #blessings. @2lukevbeck2: @realdonaldtrump americas hope our country needs hope - it is in really bad shape! big things going on today at trump national-westchester! @yadiratriunfo: @realdonaldtrump is an inspiration to our management and staff always motivating us to do more for our members. thanks! @mandem3: @realdonaldtrump you hate muslims. wrong. @krissygasbarre: to @realdonaldtrump: the service food and rooms at trump intl. are outstanding. i ve finally found my las vegas hotel. @2lukevbeck2: @realdonaldtrump americas hope. @agustin gil: @apprenticenbc @ @kimrichards11 #rhobh and #celebapprentice should be part of the emmys nominations! pure politics! @dreamcharm: @realdonaldtrump eventhough don t agree with you slot still think of you as rolemodel thx run for office. @lebanesekobe: @realdonaldtrump as a muslim and as an american i know for a fact that you mr. trump respect all people! referees are destroying the enjoyment of nfl games. slowing down the fun. big shots. jets game is ridiculous! is it the neil patrick harris show or the emmy awards?how was he ever put in this position to start with? crazy! @30carguy: @realdonaldtrump could you do a better job?? yes! @jzpi: ag schneiderman doesn t prosecute a butcher doctor but he goes after @realdonaldtrump #totalhack thank you! the emmys are sooooo boring! terrible show. i m going to watch football! i already know the winners. good night. @piersmorgan: smartest man in american television mark burnett. #voice #bible #survivor #apprentice. @kingnsg: @realdonaldtrump we need a big change i believe you have the best chance and ability to do so. thank you. via @successmagazine by @mikeseemuth: trump power. congratulations to @ivankatrump on being named @foxnewssunday power player of the week. ivanka is doing a great job w dc post office. penn jillette shows his dark side in new crowdfunded film directors cut @pennjillette @bradwyman. mariano rivera is greatest closer of all time. a leader in the club house & an exceptional man. one of the best @yankees in history. @warrenbuffett insists that without changes to obamacare average citizens will suffer. heres the truth the gov t doesnt shutdown via @ap. all essential services continue. don t believe lies. americans nationwide have their premiums double and work hours decreased. @gop must do the right thing stand strong & defund! the democrats in congress dont want obamacare for themselves or big businesses. so why are they forcing it on the american people? obamas coal regulations will destroy the coal industry put americans out of work raise electricity prices & lead to blackouts. huma should dump the sicko weiner. he is a calamity that is bringing her down with him. @miranda diplo i like hilary clinton. she is very admirable. but @realdonaldtrump is our nation s answer. thanks. i am a defender of @mileycyrus who i think is a good person and not because she stays at my hotels but last night s outfit must go! @aus10 bailey: @realdonaldtrump has the best tweets for real. thank you a great way to communicate. @mileycyrus is on a very triky and slippery path right now.the right moves will lead to greatness the wrong moves to oblivion! guidance. @99or1youdecide thank you. .@neneleakes seeks my advice on prenups tonight at 9 pm on bravo. @fundanything s veteran military dogs campaign seeks to rehabilitate veteran k9s and find them a home. congrats to team usa & capt. @allenwronowski for retaining the pga cup! well done and well deserved! obama told the un that the world is more stable than it was 5 years ago. is he delusional? obama promised premiums would lower 2500 yr for family of 4. in truth healthcare will increase by 7450. less than one week away from implementation obamacares small business exchanges are not ready! a disaster! its a shame the ruling class of republicans dont attack obama and the democrats the way they hit senators cruz & lee. take the time to move yourself forward. in other words think work and be lucky. think like a champion. if winning isn t everything why do they keep score? - vince lombardi. @sissyrichqueenb: can t wait to watch #idreamofnene tonight i no @realdonaldtrump will give @neneleakes some good advice @bravotv watch! @sissyrichqueenb: make sure y all watch #idreamofnene 2nite @realdonaldtrump will be on there @neneleakes @bravotv 9pm. @neneleakes nene asks me for advice and i am happy to oblige. tonight at 9.00 on bravo and watch her ratings go through the roof! . @miranda diplo: @realdonaldtrump is our next president. accept it. @greek boy 21: @realdonaldtrump if we don t defund #obamacare the usa will never have the freedom. we will be controlled by our government. if justice roberts had made the correct decision on obamacare our country would not be in turmoil right now! can you believe the head of iran refused to meet with our great president?zero respect! remember what i previously said--obama will someday attack iran in order to show how tough he is. obama wanted to meet with the iranian president yet the iranians denied the request. so much for hope & change. if obamacare is so amazing then why is obama delaying significant parts of the bill before the election? #makedclisten. via @furnituretoday by cindy w. hodnett: dorya to introduce trump home high-end furniture. the shale boom is saving our economy good for jobs national security & trade balance. frack now & frack fast! obamacare will increase individual market premiums by 99 for men and 62 for women defund!! #makedclisten. in real estate all locations can be enhanced through good marketing. be smart! build confidence starting with small successes that lead to greater and greater successes--there is nothing like winning. -think big. @coletonemr happy birthday! @missuniverse43 @realdonaldtrump great book. the art of the deal thanks. the world is changing very fast. big will not beat small anymore. it will be the fast beating the slow. - @rupertmurdoch. partner with people who share your values attitude and drive. midas touch with @therealkiyosaki. via @marketwatch: @trumpsoho new york unveils 50 million presidential penthouse. happy belated birthday wishes to @barbarajwalters. barbara is terrific! uniforms 4 everyone campaign @fundanything has a 3000 goal to buy underprivileged kids school uniforms. winner of the 5 star diamond award @trumpgolfdcs two courses grace over 600 acres on the potomac river. both obama administration and house leadership staffs are exempt from obamacare. why not the american people? #makedclisten. 7 million americans are going to lose their jobs due to obamacare. 46 million face 300 premium increases. defund! #makedclisten. freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. - ronald reagan #makedclisten #defundobamacare. a very good way to pave your own way to success is simply to work hard and to be diligent think like a champion. the big golf course project on the water by the whitestone bridge in nyc that has been under construction for many years now complete-great! once the bloomberg administration selected trump to take over the very expensive and years late project i kicked ass and got it done fast. to be called trump links at ferry point course will be great and over the years hold many tournaments and major championships- s to nyc. credit the bloomberg administration for having the foresight and courage to get this decades old project finished - will be big for ny. @felixnunez249: @realdonaldtrump congrats! the bronx will never be the same again it will be better!! so true! thanks. @stretch33701 good point yes! yes this is a large scale version of when i built and saved the ice skating rink in central park which all should go to . great course! i am so happy that i was able to do something really good for the bronx - and lots of jobs! @dashjohnston: @realdonaldtrump feels like i have grown up with you. my dad is a huge fan and always talked about you. you are amazing! wow. @bugsyfire: @realdonaldtrump you ve saved a lot of buildings. developments and ventures.please save the white house !! interesting! @anastasiarubine: @realdonaldtrump ....i love people who can act to finish projects efficiently and fast. good job! thank you. @beliefheals: @realdonaldtrump awesome example! thank you for being a great american!!! thanks. @cripplecreek101 thanks and true! @the larkinater: @realdonaldtrump i play hockey at lasker! thanks for an amazing outside rink in the best city in the world! @normancom1: @realdonaldtrump after following your career for over 20 yrs i conclude you are the real thing.. run for public officeplease. @ronniedunn1164: @realdonaldtrump you need to renovate 1600 pennsylvania ave. asap!!!! for all of those who have been asking about online sales the donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts are sold @macys.com. you have to believe in what you want. keep your focus keep your momentum--and remain patient and persistent. five star @trumpcondoslv are the most luxurious & elite residences in the vegas market if you love it own it. our country needs leadership now. there is total dysfunction in washington. on monday obamacare kicks in with all goodies of 300 increased premiums higher taxes and part-time replacement employees. spanish version of obamacare website delayed hitting google translate apparently too complicated. #makedclisten. dont believe the manipulated job numbers. walmart has just cut orders with suppliers because of rising inventory. obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - henry ford. re negotiation: know exactly what you want and keep it to yourself. think about what the other side wants and where they re coming from. @bordenrhodes: @realdonaldtrump i think you are the #mostpowerfulvoiceinmedia then how come our government makes so many mistakes? @follow dtrick: @banginbella i didnt vote for him but i cant wait till he s out of office...@realdonaldtrump for president! 2016. iran is toying with our president - buying time and laughing at the stupidity of our leadership. syria and now this! what s next? @bordenrhodes: @realdonaldtrump can close the economic racial and political divisions in america that is true! @sellinghomes123: @realdonaldtrump best properties all over the world! @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump if the people want to get our economy back on track theyll vote #trump in 2016 thank you. our country and it s leadership has to be so careful and so smart - these are treacherous times like no other. the world is a crazy place! @joannalmoore372: @aceman65 @realdonaldtrump @macys its a great shirt and looks great! trump shirts and ties are my andmy husbands favorite. @brn2shpfrcd2wrk: i wonder if @realdonaldtrump knows that @mileycyrus is following him on twitter! #trump #miley that s great! @adammatruski: @realdonaldtrump stop investing in hotels and focus on our structure and your campaign for presidency good point! @rosschisholm10: @realdonaldtrump dad got his first hole in 1 today on the 16th at trump international links. can i get a rt for him please. @davidd0069: @realdonaldtrump doesn t need money for a campaign! everyone already knows and loves him! #trump2016 very nice! @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump don t think i can watch news anymore. o is doing such a good job of turning us into joke i can t look anymore. @flwgolfs: @realdonaldtrump : i have heard obama say we can afford obama care america is a rich nation we can afford it. no not close. @aenmad: @realdonaldtrump will you be running for president or is it all talk? time will tell! @msferr1: @realdonaldtrump if we could afford it would you support it? no. obamacare is far toooo expensive far toooo complicated thousands of pages and most importantly doesn t work. we can do much better! with proper thinking and leadership we can have a much better plan than obamacare - something that works for the people and costs much less. @karliejanowski thanks karlie! @eamyoncanoe cute boy nice. @danyellaangel thank you danyella-if you would like to work there call jackie in my office ny . @jesssizzle28: @realdonaldtrump for president thank you! @mikemarchlik thank you! @brennenchase thanks! @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump if you have a problem-think to yourself-what would donald trump do? the answer will come. thanks. no one wants the government to shut down but if obamacare is fully implemented then our country will eventually shutdown anyway! the commodity market is extremely fragile. be wary of investing right now. the futures are way too dependent on the fed. business is an art in itself and powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success. trump int l hotel & tower vancouver s original twisting design gives every unit a distinct view a landmark! @growingupbryce happy birthday! @kingsthings @trumpnewyork thanks larry--and you too are truly one of a kind! @deedeegop @gretchencarlson @foxnews dee dee-- great seeing you @foxnews. you are really having a positive impact--don t ever stop. since stop & frisk was struck down gun shootings & victims have spiked-- while gun seizures have decreased. integrity is the essence of everything successful. richard buckminster fuller. remember that in 2006 then senator obama voted not to increase the debt ceiling. now he acts in disbelief as others plan to do the same! @zachjohnson88: @realdonaldtrump please help get this country back from all these idiots and corrupt government #2016 will be working on it. @bigjohnryan75: @realdonaldtrump we need @realdonaldtrump and bill o reilly to be in charge to straighten this country out! @foxnews. the republicans can absolutely win if they stick together-but they are not sticking together. sen. mccain just said we can t win .very bad! @mylifeislibby: @realdonaldtrump you seem like the only one who can fix this mess! run for office! achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. must read editorial via @ibdeditorials: obamacare s bitter irony: it may increase number of uninsured. rated torontos #1 hotel the 65-story 5 star @trumpto is located in the heart of the citys finest attractions. obama & the democrats want this shutdown. they think it helps their electoral prospects for 2014. dont believe! obama has not passed a single budget in 4 years. democrats dont even vote them in congress. he has failed to lead! @jamesreid88 thanks. @jj10471 @realdonaldtrump if you were in office this would of never happen #trump2016 true! @kennyj7d7 @realdonaldtrump run for office you are the only one that can fix this big mess. perhaps true! it was an honor to be @gretchencarlson s inaugural guest on her new show the real story. gretchen will be a big success! nice guy @pennjillette needs your help to make his bad guy movie directors cut-- @fundanything. @theekentbailey thanks. remember when obama promised you can keep your health care plan? not in these 10 states. another lie. there have been 17 shutdowns since 1976 14 under reagan and bush with democrat congresses who wanted more spending. it is crucial for republicans to remain united during this shutdown. your money should be at work at all times. even in the worst economy there is no excuse. - think like a billionaire. face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack welch. can you imagine with all of the talk about obamacare technical breakdowns made it a disastrous day. our government is badly broken! wow three top microsoft investors want bill gates out as chairman. do not like job he is doing! new york state s lightweight a.g. is driving business & jobs out of n.y. look into his past-he shouldn t even be allowed to hold office! #1. be passionate--you have to love what you re doing to be successful at it. #2. be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. #3. cover your bases. know everything you can about what you re doing. sorry banks when we accused lightweight ag eric schneiderman of not going after banks he started going after banksbut years too late! congrats @gretchencarlson s new fox show debuts w very strong ratings guess who her first guest was? donald trump. @israelipm @netanyahus un address was a strong statement to the world that @israel will not allow iran to get nuclear weapons. when it comes to iran s nuclear weapons program here s my advice: distrust dismantle and verify. - @israelipm @netanyahu. the obamacare disaster is in full swing. websites are down people cant sign up and elderly cant understand the lingo. democrats refused to vote down their obamacare subsidy. while americans will be hit w rising premiums washington wont feel any pain. young entrepreneurs across the us are trying to make deals & build businesses daily. stay positive think big & big things will happen. a-rods appeal will go nowhere. he will get a long suspension. good for the @yankees. and sends strong message to @mlb players. stocks rose yesterday during the first day of government shutdown. markets like being left alone for a day. study: insurance costs to soar under obamacare men in nc get 305 hike. women in ne suffer an average 237 hike. @winpropp: @realdonaldtrump to save us and to show respect for veterans we need a real leader like you as president thank you! @ericxmorrison: honestly @realdonaldtrump could run this country better than anyone in d.c. i agree!!!! @andypoo19 thank you. @delveezus: .@realdonaldtrump is a genius when it comes to politics. you cant deny #thedonald thank you. @doug e fresh2: forget the country @realdonaldtrump could run the world better than anyone anywhere. thanks doug! @preferrex: @realdonaldtrump please please retweet for my wife whos a 2nd grade teacher battling stage4 cancer here in nj. get better fast. @hasantaleb: if @realdonaldtrump was the president all our problems would be fixed. we would be doing great! @mcleangolf tell your son congrats--great round on really tough course. @carman d @realdonaldtrump i hate that our country has come to this our president has ruined our country. not totally yet! @seanparts spring of 15. @timwristen they must go to a larger screen. @billaget1 i agree. @greek boy 21 thanks what a mess. the most elite private club in the world mar-a-lago is palm beachs legendary landmark. know from inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. thats taking control. think like a champion. my friend larry king @kingsthings asked me to do an interview with himhe was always great to me& i agreed. watch tonight 9 pm on rtv. on the shores of the lake norman @trump charlotte features a world-class course designed by @sharkgregnorman. angela merkel is doing a fantastic job as the chancellor of germany. youth unemployment is at a record low & she has a budget surplus. moderate repubs plotting against @gop strategy have short term memories. tea party gave them majority in house & primaries aren t fun. oil has been over 33 gallon for 34 months. a new record. and now with obamas war on coal american families will be hit even harder. many red-state democrats sticking with obama on deficit spending on the obamacare monstrosity will be defeated in 2014. obama and the democrats have no respect for wwii vets trying to get into the memorial. @thetinabeasts continued incompetence has led to more people losing their jobs she s a perpetual job loser. obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the obamacare rollout. and of course they failed miserably. great effort springs naturally from great attitude. - pat riley. most entrepreneurs do not realize that wealth does not come from work but from the assets they build. midas touch. great ruling on wind farm in scotlandvery smart judge! front page article. @themikeawesome thanks. @tonycinmo: @realdonaldtrump: obama administration had 4 years to prepare for the obamacare rollout. and of course they failed miserably. @honeybadger210: @realdonaldtrump remember when obama said bush raising the debt ceiling was unpatriotic? rt!!! going with your instincts requires tuning in to everything around your decision. think big. life is difficult no matter what but hard work and perseverance make it a lot easier. think like a billionaire. congrats to people of scotland on the judges ruling concerning bird killing land destroying environmentally disastrous windmills. just read @marklevinshows bestseller bookreally great! @pierpaolomonni so true! @jackmartin32 thanks! my @oratv #politicking interview w @kingsthings on the govt. shutdown obamacare putin 2016 and @trumpdoral. total misnomer to call obamacare the affordable care act. affordable for whom besides big businesses & congress w their exemptions? obama has unilaterally & unconstitutionally drawn 4 obamacare exemptions for his friends. all @gop wants is cont. congrats to @nbc on the success of the new smash show @nbcblacklist. fantastic suspense. great acting. must see tv! must read editorial today about lightweight new york state attorney general eric schneiderman. is he a crook? when will lightweight hack attorney general be investigated for his repeated prosecutorial misconduct? while the pres. of iran tweets sweet nothings to obama he forbids the iranians to use twitter. very revealing. trumps are giving @trumpdoral a makeover via @cbsmiami. the minute that youre not learning i believe youre dead. jack nicholson. compete with yourself to be the best you can be. think like a champion. @royschuhmacher: @realdonaldtrump you are fantastic trump. run for president and save america! #trump2016 thank you. @steveamani: @realdonaldtrump please help save our country and run for president!! #usa. @gbla: time to clean up washington... vote @realdonaldtrump for president in 2016! @robertore62: rt @realdonaldtrump: @royschuhmacher: @realdonaldtrump you are fantastic trump. run for president and save america! @ryan mcvicker: went to @realdonaldtrump winery in charlottesville va yesterday for my birthday it was awesome! one of the best! thanks! @kdawnpatterson while i never ran i thank you. let s see what happens in the future! @bprunty67: @realdonaldtrump the only ruler that does not negotiate is a dictator! the obama administration has a very important duty to provide a budget - and then negotiate! our country is a laughingstock! @jacadere: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump mr.trump is right again. the republicans need to stick together and let the dems be blamed. @wrnsr: @realdonaldtrump negotiations are non-existant obama needs to be sent a copy of the art of the deal maybe autographed. @genemcvay: @realdonaldtrump the donald says the republicans absolutely can win if they will stand firm. @speakerboehner. @bobbymayojr: @realdonaldtrump thank you mr. trump for speaking up just now ! please don t stop ! @thegine3000: @realdonaldtrump we need someone with some business sense in the white house. this administration doesn t have a clue. an iconic building and top tourist attraction @trumptowerny sets new york citys luxury standard & great food! standing strong for his people @govwalker is ignoring the feds and keeping all wisconsin parks open. great! government is shut down yet obama is now harassing the privately owned @redskins to change its name.he needs to focus on his job! obama is tougher on wwii vets wanting to visit a dc memorial than iran. he needs to show respect to our vets and not play games. 83 of the government is still running during the shutdown while 41 of nondefense federal workers are furloughed. room for cuts. we build too many walls and not enough bridges. - isaac newton. with the debt limit approaching @gop has even more leverage. if they stay united and on message they can win. do not allow fear to settle into place in any part of your life. it is a defeating attitude & a negative emotion think like a champion. my sense is that people are far angrier at the president than they are at congress re the shutdownan interesting turn! @mimi la reina: @fogslifting @realdonaldtrump @redskins that will never fly! they d have to do the same for the chiefs braves indians ect. @amandatmiller: amazing day in dubai! launch of the #trump estates and first day of cityscape 2013 cc @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump. president should not be telling the washington redskins to change their name-our country has far bigger problems! focus on themnot nonsense. president obama wants to change the name of the white house because it is highly discriminating and not at all politically correct! @jeffanie thank you. @myangel82 @bobbymayojr thanks. @jon dennis82 @redskins true. @kimfeather177 thanks. expect the best from people. they will rise to the challenge and it s important to inspire confidence. if you are steadfast in your efforts and self respect critics will be harmless. keep your focus! .@gop has leverage. must stay united & on message. had a great time on @gretawires inaugural 7pm show. congrats to greta on the new spot! the new reality china and japan are warning us not to default reckless government spending has made us weak. did you ever think our country would become an economic basket case? so much for hope & change. the white house has just admitted al qaeda was involved in benghazi what about the video tape? in my opinion one of the worst utility companies in the country is florida power and light. florida power & light has disgusting rotting utility poles outside doral in miami. they should put in new ones or will be sued. i m just so tired of listening to the same old rhetoric and words day after day from our president. it s time to stop talking-work! @joseconesa01: @realdonaldtrump it is time for real change. donal j. trump 2016. obama you re fired thanks for the nice words! with president obama it s all talk and no action. our country is in desperate need of smart and decisive leadership before it is too late! @genallkasmikha i notice thanks genall! @nhoiegee: @realdonaldtrump am i gonna see u in russia this november?? are u goin to attend the event? miss universe on nov 9th yes! @motleyhoney: @realdonaldtrump i say go for it solid business leadership for a change. congrats on the new development in vancouver thanks. @kristensharpe30: @realdonaldtrump @nhoiegee love donald trump and the support he gives to positive women today!!!!! :-. @ohoud555: @realdonaldtrump: amazing day in dubai! launch of the #trump estates with @damacakoya. it is outrageous and disgusting that families of u.s. military personnel killed in action will not be given money for burials. sad! if the u.s. government doesn t give the money necessary for the burials of our military personnel i will.the u.s. under obama s leadership! dont emphasize the problem so much-emphasize the solution. its a mindset that works. think like a champion. via @trdmiami: @trumpdoral project will boast 800 hotel rooms 250m renovation on 800 acres in sunny miami. at 96 stories above michigan avenue if youre not staying at the 5 star @trumpchicago then youre in its shadow. entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets. you miss 100 of the shots you don t take. - wayne gretzky. i pay millions of s a year to florida power & light & they cant give us what we want. maybe a major class action suit against them? re florida power & lightmost important is safety but they have to also cater to aesthetics & not ruin the beauty of florida. @lil borto: i said this last year but ill say it again.. @realdonaldtrump should be president. this man knows his shit! @chrisagada: @realdonaldtrump on @piersmorganlive tomorrow?! i wouldn t miss that for the world! tonight. my advice to you regarding momentum is definitive: get yours going! think like a champion. @lennydrew @realdonaldtrump i really appreciate your tweets with excerpts from your books. it starts the day off right! thx. @armani g @therealkiyosaki great! @cory wise @realdonaldtrump thank you for stepping up to help our fallen service heroes! thank you. @shadowbat thank you. @amberlay2013 thank you. golf is deceptively simple and endlessly complicated. it satisfies the soul and frustrates the intellect. cont. obama can open the mall for illegals to protest our country yet he continues to barricade wwii memorial. thats an absolute disgrace. obamas job approval is at 37 a record low. @gop & @speakerboehner have the leverage & momentum. delay obamacare for all americans! the fact that we are here today to debate raising americas debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. - sen. obama 3 16 06. obama is the most profligate deficit & debt spender in our nations history. doubled debt cont. obama has called @gop terrorists during this showdown. its a shame he really doesnt think it because then he would meet all @gop demands. if you dont treat yourself like royalty no one else will. @trumpwaikiki is honolulu s most luxurious hotel. ill be doing @piersmorgan show tonight on cnn at 9 pm. will be very interesting. i hope! i will be on @piersmorganlive tonight at 9pm. @piersmorgan watch cnn tonight as piers and i discuss obama shutdown leadership and many other topics of interest - 9 pm - 10 minutes! @piersmorgan i urge every politician in washington to tune into cnn and listen to @realdonaldtrump s advice on how to do a deal. @jimbou1234: @realdonaldtrump great job on piers morgan! thank you. @wykkdlilchit: @realdonaldtrump the truth that needed to be heard. voice of common sense! you re hired!! @davidrealtorct: @realdonaldtrump amazing interview mr.trumplove the fact you didn t sugarcoat the facts. thank you sir. @trainspartanfit your family and dad are great-your mother must have been amazing! @abhishek ktm: @realdonaldtrump you scored a 10 on @piersmorgan. thanks for keeping it real! @hollymo15146097: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! the u.s. adores trump! @lauramatthews45: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump @trumpscotland donald i love this place! @kameronwhitley: @realdonaldtrump watching your cnn interview we need someone like you to run for president! thank you. @e chenault07: if @realdonaldtrump was just in charge of our countries economic decisions we would be back on track. @roberts3269: @realdonaldtrump blake thomas roberts the donald trump of houston. you re my motivation! #dedication #hardwork great! @nealobleser: @realdonaldtrump 4 president #2016. @erikaunapuu: @realdonaldtrump i was in your hotel in chicago today. one of the most amazing buildings i ve ever seen! thanks. @erikaunapuu: @realdonaldtrump i was in your hotel in chicago today. one of the most amazing buildings i ve ever seen! thank you. @diggower @piersmorgan @dailymirror @guardian 4th now! david should have seen his interview with @realdonaldtrump truly amazing. @suereformer tell john he is a total winner! @jmackd10 thank you. @bernicetaylor10: @realdonaldtrump really enjoyed your interview.honest and stright forward love it!! thanks. @mat sly: @realdonaldtrump great job what we need in the next election!!! #2016. @swooshl31: @realdonaldtrump trump for president !!!! well our country would become very rich very fast....and then lot s of good! @wykkdlilchit: @realdonaldtrump @piersmorgan we need more than 10 min with donald. was inspired. get gov t in assembly and make them watch. @mary eg: @realdonaldtrump sir that was a great interview you had with piers keep up the good work sir thank you. @maridythn: @realdonaldtrump you need to run for president. your take-no-bs attitude is what we need in this country! @demegl10: @realdonaldtrump everyone should start their twitter day with trump for president....lets start the movement wow! @papigonzalez3: our country needs a smart experienced successful man. trump 2016 @realdonaldtrump. jack welch thinks sam palmisano retired ceo of ibm should be the next ceo of microsoft. interesting! @k3lci: @realdonaldtrump i d vote trump for president ten times over. #trueleadership thank you. @kdawnpatterson: praying that you will consider running for president. you understand business & know how to negotiate. #tump4prez. @rbrownfsu: @realdonaldtrump i m coming to ny from florida tomorrow. i m bringing the first trump 2016 sign with me. #startthemovement wow. if its worth doing its worth fighting for. youll have lots of people and obstacles in your way. work & fight to get beyond them. problems setbacks mistakes & losses are all part of life. we shouldn t be shocked if and when they happen. think like a champion. lightweight @agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediatelybecause he is being looked at! @richard meier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he designed downtown--& others! i wouldnt use @richard meier to design a doghouse let alone a house or building! why is douglas durst allowed to use the world trade center to get out of a lease with conde nast? personally i think douglas dursts brother got screwed by douglasno wonder hes angry! @jacobmathews @piersmorganlive piers is a good man even if we disagree with him. @neanderthalman1 @barackobama quickly. weekly jobless claims soared to 21.5 a 6 month high obamacare the greatest job killer in us history. congrats to jim lipton and inside the actors studio for winning the emmy award for the 250th episode. i was honored to appear in it. how do you spend over 635m on websites and they don t work? many countries including allies already see china as world superpower we have greatest military yet no respect. @redneckcowboy 1 @piersmorgan thanks. @carolecjf thank you. @keithr69 @giants true! @lulubillie2010 @realdonaldtrump god bless you mr. trump!! thank you. @wrhitchcock thank you and true! @kfonkwa @piersmorganlive thank you. @ivankatrump @trumpchicago great news! i know a great deal about websites etc. but i am unable to understand how our government spent 635 million on the obamacare site-& disaster. somebody got rich building the obamacare website which doesn t even come close to working - where has the money gone? @efarns: @seafishworks: @realdonaldtrump so true. who signed off over 1 2 billion web site. biggest failure in i t history pretty amazing. @adityataday thank you! @pmprindiville: @realdonaldtrump pleaaaase run for president!!! help america donald trump you re our only hope! thank you. @tiffanyatrump happy birthday to my baby - and keep up the great work at school. we are all proud of you! @miranda phoebe: @realdonaldtrump graduated from @wharton the school of champions . great school true! @michell33841372: @realdonaldtrump @pmprindiville donald trump has done more for this country than barrack has ever thought about. thanks! @jlow6603: best part about monday mornings is listening to @realdonaldtrump on fox and friends! you should run for potus!! thank you! @01101o10: only an idiot loses money in real-estate @realdonaldtrump does that all the time. i ve made over ten billion s you idiot! @vinnypac: @realdonaldtrump gr8 spot on@foxandfriends. insightful honest intelligent xommon sense. u woulf make a phenomenal gov of ny. @christineinsatx thank you christine. @annettenavaret great. @sunnypahoujadds: @realdonaldtrump your @trumplasvegas is an amazing property thru n thru. thank you-tallest & most beautiful in lasvegas. @joedmti: @realdonaldtrump u crack me up. i love how a man of ur wealth fame and stature doesn t mind mixing it up. part of success! ranked a top course @golfmagazine & 6 star diamond award trump intl palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes. @905k9 keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. @alyssamenasci you have to have passion for your work. that s crucial. then focus on it and don t give up. as an addition apple must go to a larger screen now--asap! they re losing their standing in the market! @905k9 thanks. @skiingelvis it will be the country s finest resort! @alyssamenasci my honor. @iancurbishley thank you. @complexgenius thanks. @yankeefan3000 thanks--@macys.com. @sunsentinel: new look for blue monster:@trumpdoral s signature golf course is more challenging & fan friendlier. @prince keign perhaps--no decision yet. gopers eye donald trump for governor run via @nypost by @fud31. @billnojay thank you for your great confidence! our state like our country is in serious trouble. keep up the good fight. @roc cayard so nice thank you. my beautiful daughter ivanka just had a healthy baby boy. jared and ivanka are very proud! thanks to all for the wonderful congratulation sent to me on the birth of ivanka s little boy - so nice! experience knowledge & prescience are a formidable combination of powers. do not underestimate any of them. think like a champion. @karenash1560 @b cat41 happy birthday! al qaeda terrorist al libi was immediately read his rights & is now being treated for pre-existing medical cont. republicans seem intent on negotiating against themselves. many senior senators are doing obamas bidding. cant win this way. welfare s purpose should be to eliminate as far as possible the need for its own existence. pres. ronald reagan. @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump i miss celeb apprentice-best show on t.v. thank you casting now for next season. will be cutting ribbon at 10 a.m. with mayor bloomberg and jack nicklaus for the opening of trump links at ferry point. trump links will be a great championship golf course that will host many major tournaments and bring tremendous s & prestige to n.y.c.! @ceastwood12: @realdonaldtrump now this should give bethpage a run for the money in ny will blow bethpage away! @blueyez1214: @realdonaldtrump please dont as i do love ny like you doyour not a governoryour a president cute! @stephaniewei: @realdonaldtrump my preview of the course and ribbon cutting in the @wsj today great writing-thanks! trump golf links at ferry point will host many major championships over the years. great thing for nyccongratulations to all! just left trump golf links at ferry point. ribbon cutting w @mayorbloomberg & @jacknicklaus was spectacular. lots of people & jobs! .@trumplasvegas was just rated best room service in lv by the daily meal. congrats to my las vegas staff! @missharleyd49 thank you. @globalgolfpost thank you. @djcastiello thanks. @bahia6085 so nice thank you. @wsjsports @mikebloomberg @jacknicklaus true and thanks. what a great day it was yesterday showing the public trump links at ferry point. i took over a disaster and made it great! good job to all! i m glad that mark cuban won the ridiculous case with the s.e.c. it never should have been brought in the first place! @vraia: @realdonaldtrump does a day go by when you don t pat yourself on the back? not many! remember if you don t pat yourself on the back nobody else will. take credit for your successes and don t let others forget!!!!!! @sandersandrew: @realdonaldtrump donald you are a true american hero. i can t wait to celebrate trump day in the future. wow nice. @ johnhahn: @realdonaldtrump ferry point looks awesome! it should definitely get some major championship events sometime soon. @piersmorgan thanks @realdonaldtrump for coming to my book party - wouldn t have been the same without you! piers--congrats! @bmp music event read midas touch -- great book for entrepreneurs. good luck! .@bmp music event read midas touch -- great book for entrepreneurs. good luck! entrepreneurship is engine of american success. i bring it to crowdfunding w @fundanything s 1m record reward. via @golfmagic: golden bear and american business tycoon finish their unlikely masterpiece. obama administration is killing american industrial renaissance by stopping drilling and fracking. terrible for economy. apple must make the iphone screen bigger. losing major market share. a winning attitude will put everything in perspective. keep negative thoughts and people where they belong--out of the big picture. gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. i m on the david letterman @lateshow tonight--looking forward to it. 11:35 pm on cbs. thanks for all of the great support but i just don t see myself wanting to run for governor of new york - i have something else in mind! by the way new york state must lower taxes and fast and must start going after all of the energy that lies just below our feet now ! @crystallee1971: then please fire the hell out of some of these pathetic leaches up there in dc! you do it better than anyone else! . @krokid2012: @nickfaldo006 @realdonaldtrump no joke.....the donald would be a great #rydercup captain. i agree. @eyesinburgh: you ve really got the world by the ass don t you? says letterman to @realdonaldtrump. classic. @russellwestofa: i m a democrat have not been your biggest fan but you made some very good points on the #davidletterman show tonight. @rocknrollrk: @realdonaldtrump great appearance on letterman. such a great insight. wish we had more great businessmen like you. @mcdex207: see @realdonaldtrump isn t as bad as people think. great interview with @lateshow #goodguy. @sportcork: @realdonaldtrump you were great on letterman as usual. thank you! @bwiss24: @realdonaldtrump is the post office building in dc the way the us is going to pay your salary when you become the president in 16. @pegcitytimo: best @realdonaldtrump interview yet @lateshow thanks! @theholst: @realdonaldtrump i was against fame entering the white house until now. please run for president the us needs you. thank you. @mitchgotinfo: @realdonaldtrump great men do great things america needs you america s allies need you in truth the world needs you. wow. @biancat37180567: @realdonaldtrump why be governor when you can be president? @mitchgotinfo: @realdonaldtrump don the country needs you i served 4 years in our armed forces and i am asking you to lead our nation. @magicdel: @realdonaldtrump @lateshow you re the only one. @socsteve: @realdonaldtrump was the man on letterman! @chrissstinac: @realdonaldtrump i ve been watching the apprentice since i was 10 and thats really all i get excited for in the winter #love. @ryalsflair: @realdonaldtrump our country needs a great business man like yourself to made us a force on a global scale again. so true! @amelialanders : @realdonaldtrump america needs to listen to what trump is saying. #trumpforchange thanks! @dongibson12: @magicdel @lateshow mr trump. you have great kids.let them handle ur business. step forward and save what s left of the usa. the contract to build the obamacare website was given to a canadian company for 55 744 081. it then bloated to 292 071067 incompetence. i build beautiful websites with very smart and imaginative people for almost nothing. our government spent almost 535 000 000 for nothing. obamacare website fiasco was a single bid to a canadian company - terrible! @itscharlotteann thanks! @southpaw816 @wsjsports @mikebloomberg @jacknicklaus so nice thank you. @wayneetnyre @trumplasvegas thank you. @nbrenewables @trumpscotland thank you. the 2013 miss universe pageantwill take place in russia for the very first time in the 62 year history of the contest. this will be one of the biggest and most beautiful miss universe events ever. honored to be attending rev. @billygrahams 95th birthday. his life & work has brought hope & faith to millions worldwide. can you imagine a canadian company developing our website? terrible way to put americans back to work. our country is being run by total amateurs. lets just call it amateur hour. @nymags sales are so dismal that w its record 2013 losses it is going bi-weekly should end pain & just fold. i love watching the dishonest writers @nymag suffer the magazines failure. no surprise saudis turned down spot on un security council. they dont want responsibility. just have us do their heavy lifting. wow china s growth accelerated 7.8 in third quarter. if the u.s. had half that number we would be the talk of the world - need leadership. canadians kicked out the firm that the u.s. paid all that money to for the failed website. how stupid are our leaders ? this is a scandal! @danamira @nymag a terrible statement like that shows how desperate you and your magazine are. you should be ashamed. no wonder @nymag is doing so poorly with an idiot sr. editor like @danamira it will only get worse! @lggarmon: i wish the @realdonaldtrump would be president our country would be much better off than what it is. #whatamericaneeds #trump16. i hope everyone that read @danamira s reprehensible statement will cancel their subscription to @nymag in protest. let me know. @silvermarie2001: @realdonaldtrump whats wrong with canadians? nothing except they are too smart for u.s. leaders to deal with! @val wonders: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag does anyone read @nymag anymore. i m sure it ll be sold for a dollar just like newsweek. @cwide12: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag never had the stinking nymag but if i did i would cancel for the trump! it s dead anyway! @matthewhawilo: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @melaniatrump i will never subscribe. just for you & your beautiful family donald. it s boring. @cheifsoda: @realdonaldtrump should be the next president the man knows how to make money and has reasonable solutions for every problem. @josethegr8t: @realdonaldtrump @val wonders @danamira @nymag if it does go up for sale ill buy them out. don t do it-bad investment! @afrodeziak: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @nymag no place for that in a civil society. you should resign immediately. they should demand it. @rockinthetote: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag what a horrible thing to say! not exactly an unbiased editor-very unprofessional & sad! @afrodeziak: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @nymag mr. amira are you man enough to apologize ?? he is not man enough! @orthatguy: @realdonaldtrump @danamira i can t wait to never read another copy of @nymag. i will enjoy watching it crash and burn though. @merssem: @realdonaldtrump @silvermarie2001 trump is one of smartest men around i agree - thanks! @thomasaroberts thomas you will be a fantastic host of the miss universe pageant live from moscow on nov 9. great doing your show today! @mackette52: doesn t surprise me @danamira from @nymag is a frequent guest on @msnbc both entities no ethics no morals no ratings. @desolatefox: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @nymag sick and wrong. apologize! @timallensblues @afrodeziak @danamira @nymag guys like that will watch everything burn down around them before they admit they were wrong. @phickeyma: when i come home from work my twitter page is filled with donald trump tweets...love reading them...so bold & truthful. @anthonyjmyers: @realdonaldtrump america needs you now more than ever. 2016 cannot get here fast enough #trump2016 well we sure need help. @afrodeziak: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @nymag unlike the rest of you libs mr. trump will be just fine. he doesn t have obamacare! @themissis: @realdonaldtrump you re certainly giving @danamira and @nymag publicity!! even neg publicity is good to some folk. it s not. @nyccoins: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @nymag dan you are a low life dumb ass! stupid too who made you an editor? a dead magazine! @youngsellz4: @realdonaldtrump is my role model!! thank you. @dwsweb: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag people actually subscribe to nymag? not many failing and will soon be gone! @beatsbyray: @realdonaldtrump you re a legend. thanks ray i know! @sjp111: @danamira @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump dan amira owes mr trump and his wife an apology! he doesn t have the guts to apologize! @michaelledeitri: and this is why r kids are bullies horrible examples set by adults. no excuses @nymag fire him @foxnews @cbsnews. secy. sebelius who was responsible for the horrendous obamacare rollout should resign or be fired.refuses to go before congress to explain. just like its website obamacare is a disaster.maybe all those who are fighting it are wasting their time-it will fail on its own! @tormeypaul: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag does anyone actually still subscribe? not many! @tonyturko: @realdonaldtrump nbc report: white house taking obamacare website offline again for repairs. @milosuperpug: @realdonaldtrump @tormeypaul @danamira @nymag no got so irrelevant. time out far better than ny magazine. @beliefheals: @realdonaldtrump working on my midas touch plan re: the fund anything reward! you are my favorite entrepreneur! thanks. @nymag wow numbers are really looking bad at new york magazine. while very boring it is also very biased. too bad was once great! @nymag can you imagine a top editor at new york magazine calling for my death-if they were responsible he would be fired! totally biased. @nymag in every interview new york magazine has done for years they ask the same question - what do you think of donald trump? beggars! the rollout of obamacare is a total disaster and an embarrassment to our country. the world is watching and laughing. 635000000 website! @nymag i hope everybody possible cancels their subscription to the failing boring abd totally biased new york ragazine -save your money! @starflire: @realdonaldtrump @nymag i canceled mine smart move thanks. @michaltellos: @realdonaldtrump @nymag subscribing to that trash to begin with would be your first mistake. it is failing fast! @adhietak85: this is my favorite person @realdonaldtrump.. greatest bussinesman in the world !! i want to be like him thank you. @stitchjonze: @realdonaldtrump today i had my wife cancel her subscription to @danamira @nymag thank you-smart! @pherreroraphael: @realdonaldtrump you ready for miss universe? yes november 9th in moscow-will be great! @stchristopher18: @realdonaldtrump @michaltellos @nymag bury them fake journalists. @austin fall: monetarily in 2016 we will be in such terrible shape that having @realdonaldtrump as potus would be a great idea for u.s. @austin fall: in 2016 we will need a business mogul to bring america to its feet. i hope @realdonaldtrump feels a tug on his collar. @theyardsaleking: @realdonaldtrump i had the honor of going in to this awesome building today. even the restrooms are first class! thanks. @lilskinny11: @realdonaldtrump hey d trump is time for me to buy a trump 2016 yet? lead us back to the top!! @em3601: hey @realdonaldtrump please announce you are running in 2016. you are the only one who can revive our country. @bicyea50: @realdonaldtrump @danamira @nymag whats the odds the 5 people who subscribe 2 that rag-- i mean mag will ever see this tweet? @ay zimmy: @realdonaldtrump i m already persuading my friends to vote for you in 2016 make it happen! thanks for the confidence! @jlpdog: @realdonaldtrump we need your knowledge and sensibility to restore this country to it s former glory and respect. @arcturusrex4. good question! @richardjnandlal very nice best wishes! why doesn t president obama just get the people from google to fix the failed website. in fact why didn t he use them in the first place! @jarrodryanza: @realdonaldtrump are you actually going to go for #2016 elections? if so you have my support! thank you! i would bet that we have many great american technology companies that would build and fix the pathetic obamacare website for zero dollars! @jaimesells: @realdonaldtrump 4 president has my vote! we need financial education in the usa. go get em d! thanks jaime! @orangeone4: @carrie wofford @realdonaldtrump website designer huge obama campaign donor. can we say kickbacks? @charleydummer: @realdonaldtrump the whole uk supports you in the #2016 elections we all love watching the apprentice usa here. @pjpaton: wind farms have scarred the british landscape&turned the public against the renewable energy agenda! see i was ahead of our time. doing fox and friends in two minutes! @beliefheals thank you good luck. @ukn96 they get fired. trump intl hotel & tower chicago is one of very few hotels in no. america w a 5 star 5 diamond hotel & a 5 star 5 diamond restaurant... sixteen @trumpchicago is winning accolades and is a destination point restaurantdont miss it! @willdavenport1 great thanks. .@vanityfair magazine is doing so poorly that they make even @nymag look good. graydon carter shouldve been fired a long time ago. @macfaddenryan @songmemories hi ryan. @rajvirboparai thanks good luck. @bgholms thanks. via @arabianbusiness: trump eyes pga tour for dubai golf course. help fund @dratzenbergers new show american made on @fundanything john is on @teamcavuto today re project. wheres the global warming? 2013 was one of the least extreme years in weather on record. winner of the 5 star diamond award @trumpgolfla brings luxury & elite amenities to la s top public golf course. doing an interview with @stevedeaceshow. discussing the obamacare web disaster. be sure to listen. on november 9th @missuniverse comes to moscow! hosted by the wonderful duo of @officialmelb & @thomasaroberts in crocus city hall! message to edward snowden youre banned from @missuniverse. unless you want me to take you back home to face justice! sure the home-field is an advantage - but so is having a lot of talent. - @danmarino. @sajiah: 1 of the first ties bought my sweetheart was trump from macy s on 34th w cuff links. thx 4 shootingstraight. great! @sgteel great thanks! via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump: americas entrepreneur wow--thank you to jeffrey lord & @amspec! looking forward to receiving the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award at tomorrows @amspec robert l. bartley gala dinner. america is too great for small dreams. pres. ronald reagan. have time to waste? go to the obamacare website. the most luxurious hotel in downtown manhattan @trumpsoho is a top destination. if you want to succeed keep your edge. staying on top of all new developments in your sector major advantage that pays dividends. breaking news - the washington redskins have just announced that they will be removing the name washington from their name! @donjuanriley1: getting a picture of donald trump and putting it on a shirt tomorrow cause hes a true american hero : wow so nice! honestly whether you re for or against obamacare the 635 million dollar website fiasco is bad for the u.s. it makes us look totally inept! why doesn t president obama call upon the nsa to fix the badly broken website-then they could spy on all of the many cheaters & arrest them! on fifth avenue the iconic @trumptowerny is one of nyc s most heavily visited tourist attractions. wheres the accountability for the 635m website fiasco in the obama administration? heads should roll and officials should be fired. ill soon be leaving for washington where @amspec will give me the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award. very exciting! if the saudis are so concerned about syria then they should go in themselves. stop telling us to do their dirty work. @danamira apology accepted. @strommer07 yes and thanks. @rydev22 great! it was just determined that the woman who passed out at obamas press conference had just seen what her new premiums would be! @dynamicwil @realdonaldtrump @amspec you deserve it! your a true entrepreneur! thanks. @mikemuckleroy @realdonaldtrump @amspec that is a reward that is well deserved. thanks. @chrisstackstacy @realdonaldtrump @trumptowerny it is absolutely a work of art #trump thank you. discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. questions are thoughts with a quest. think like a champion. @originalarts1 @trumptowerny thanks. @kevinmacman55 @realdonaldtrump well deserved you motivate me every day. thanks. courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - john wayne. you ve got something unique to offer. find out what it is. ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist? good advice from my father fred c. trump: know everything you can about what you re doing. good advice from my mother mary macleod trump: trust in god and be true to yourself. great evening with the @amspec & the t. boone pickens entrepreneur award. amazing crowdthank you! bob tyrrell @amspecthank you--and also for the great work you do. jeffrey lord @amspecthank you for the presentationterrific job! .@boonepickens thank you for the t. boone pickens entrepreneur awarda great honor for me from a fantastic man. great meeting @garysinise at @amspec dinner. besides his great acting gary does tremendous work for vets through his foundation. you want to compete and you want to compete at the highest level. - @boonepickens. the audacity of ineptitude obamacare website will cost over 1b when will someone finally be held accountable? when a complex website is broken the best thing to do is blow it up and start all over again-then sue the culprits and use the proper team! @thegurleygirl: @realdonaldtrump wish you could lead this country. we need you mr. trump. @beliefheals: @realdonaldtrump seriously you are the only american qualified to be prez -all areas of competence!. thank you. @beliefheals: @realdonaldtrump @amspec you re more than the best entrepreneur great teacher & source of encouragement! thanks. @kaburuole: @realdonaldtrump: good advice from my mother mary macleod trump: trust in god and be true to yourself.awesome advice. @sundayhorse: @realdonaldtrump @thegurleygirl sad donald trump isn t president we would not be in this mess! so true. @kmatthews912: @realdonaldtrump the youth of america needs you mr. trump they sure need someone and fast! @nadeaua75: @realdonaldtrump has my vote! he must run for president if we want success! thank you. @akudej25: @realdonaldtrump we wont see real change unless you become president! #pleaserun #2016 thank you and true! @austinwde7: @realdonaldtrump needs to run so we can get out of this mess #trump2016. @godlike virus: @realdonaldtrump for 2016. change that we really can depend on. first titantic sunk on its maiden voyage.next the hindenburg explodes on its first flight to america.now we suffer the obamacare rollout! @pbrooks65. great taste enjoy! @kylesmith300: @realdonaldtrump i agree about the wind turbines they are horrible. @jamiesawicz: @realdonaldtrump @gwrepublicans want to help campaign for trump 2016! thank you. can you imagine the anger and disgust when the heads of other countries found out that their cell phones were being tapped by nsa.obama mess. with the 635 million dollar website fiasco getting caught tapping phones of world leaders and so much more u.s. is looking really stupid! at this point the legacy of the obama administration will be sadly that of the gang that couldn t shoot straight - what a pathetic mess! isn t it amazing that the u.s. and nsa can listen to the highly protected phone conversations of world leaders but can t get o s records! @akudej25: @realdonaldtrump we wont see real change unless you become president! #pleaserun #2016 true! @vallian ghali: if you re born poor it s not your mistake. but if you die poor it s really your mistake. - donald trump. i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that s where the fun is. donald trump. @managersdiary thank you-always a good thought. @tyler tuscchevy: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016 #all for it. @dimas720: @realdonaldtrump kick ass in 2016! i m on board mr. trump. @iamtoneantone: @realdonaldtrump 2016 is your year and i will do everything god gave me to show my appreciation @iamtoneantone xoxo. @joelbernstein: @realdonaldtrump @tyler tuscchevy not only does america need an adult in dc we need djt in 2016 thank you. i must say that some of these college football games are great tonight-very exciting-i wish i had more time to watch! @jamesmock4: i see principled disciplined decisive tough leadership. i see strength. i see #trump16. please mr trump. usa needs you. @ stacys mom : i just love @realdonaldtrump. very nice. @murppph: @realdonaldtrump says whatever he wants and doesn t care. i love it. he s a legend. @loomisevan: @realdonaldtrump we need a president who is successful and has a ton of common sense. tht is u mr. trump! @ksv 3: i want @realdonaldtrump to tweet me so bad! huge fan! #trump2016. @1bombasscat: vote @realdonaldtrump for president! #trump16. @willfitz94: @realdonaldtrump how do you have time to tweet everyone when your so busy? when i like people i find time! @dianelynn : @realdonaldtrump we need you now more than ever! hope to see you run in 2016! @jamesmock4: i see principled disciplined decisive tough leadership. i see strength. i see #trump16. please mr trump. usa needs you. @ stacys mom : i just love @realdonaldtrump. thank you. @bigguhmikez: @realdonaldtrump is a genius thank you. good night everyone - sleep well and tomorrow have many victories! @10ajmccarron great game against tennessee by the most unappreciated by the media quarterback in college football - and no more tattoos! president obama should bring secretaty sebelius into his office look right into her beautiful blue eyes and saywith emotion you re fired! @rizz lizz: the reason i think you will be potus is bcuz i have never seen anyone juggle so many things at once & be successful @ each. @rizz lizz: @realdonaldtrump i am clairvoyant. may i be the first to congratulate you on your win mr. president? cute! @dutchfreightman: @realdonaldtrump dined at macleod house today. wonderful in every aspect. thanks for creating this on our doorstep. nice. the new line of trump ties shirts and cufflinks are out at macy s and are really beautiful at a really reasonable.price. go check them out! @phickeyma: we need you for potus because there s a whole lot of people in washington who need to hear the words you re fired! @shibis: @sentedcruz don t you know once upon a time @realdonaldtrump was leading 2012 @gop i would love to see you elected. god pls. @terreldactyl: @realdonaldtrump i hate you but i love your ties that sounds like a fair trade! @tonescotland: @rizz lizz @realdonaldtrump he has destroyed wilderness beaches in aberdeen. built world s greatest golf course-top draw! @alexlevandoski: people who hate on you are really just jealous at their own lack of success. thanks for the inspiration mr. trump! thanks. @chris dire: @realdonaldtrump really enjoyed my stay at trump soho this weekend - your staff there is super polite and hospitable great. @vabeachrpm: @realdonaldtrump great gifts for my hard working husband! love macy s! @adriannamarie: i think you re an amazing person and a huge inspiration to me! just ordered your books! can t wait to read them!! thanks. @nodakgus: this country is in dire need of a leader who is not beholden to special interest groups or to anyone - you are that leader! @fournier ian: @realdonaldtrump is it better to rent a house or buy a house these days? much respect buy in great location low interest. @tamimiddleton love your top 3 negotiating tips! 1. trust your gut. 2. patience is a virture. 3. view conflict as an opportunity! awesome! @tlbasnight: @realdonaldtrump you are that leader. think about it. thanks. @mackiaveli13: @realdonaldtrump us latinos will vote for you. all we want is to be part of the american dream. include us! cool. will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. will be discussing the disgusting and wasteful 635 million website rollout and more! @semjazaraziel: @realdonaldtrump @tamimiddleton we need trump in 16 to fix this mess the community activist has created. @kathyrushford: @realdonaldtrump do you beleive all that money was spent on a website ? no much more! @doug e fresh2: @realdonaldtrump with you as potus we d probably have a 600000000 surplus! #trump2016. @sirblainerichie: @billgates @warrenbuffett and @realdonaldtrump are the most inspirational people i know of. @jantwo62: @realdonaldtrump love trump ties! very couture but affordable to dress your hubby. @bradkovach sadly true! @johan jwc because he paid me far more than it was worth! yesterday was matt drudge s birthday --happy birthday @drudge--and great job! @trumpvancouver has makings of iconic landmark: erickson-designed highrise ... via @vancouversun. the signature restaurant of @trumpnewyork @jeangeorges is both forbes five-star & aaa five-diamond restaurant. thanks to obamacares device tax boston scientific plans to cut 1500 jobs obamacare will kill ingenuity. time for sebelius to be fired. she has admitted that the administration did not vet the obamacare website. via @inventorspot by myra per-lee: got a great idea? get donald trump to fund it. i dont know why our allies are so surprised obama is tapping their phones? nothing changes! sebelius didn t test 635m probably 1b obamacare website until a couple of days leading up to the launch. contractors can blame obama admin all day for their 600m failure but both parties are at fault--pay taxpayers back. iraq is being ravaged by al qaeda. country in utter chaos & all oil is going to iran & china terrible mistake! like your current health care plan? too bad youre going to lose it under obamacare. hope change & a 300 increase in your premium. @abird95: i absolutely love @realdonaldtrump he is my favorite person ever and inspires me to do so much. thanks r! does anybody really think that president obama didn t know about our spying on the leaders of allies around the world - not possible! there are so many blatant lies coming out of the administration - healthcare spying nsa irs brutally killed americans -will it ever end? i just don t know why some of these nfl teams with lousy quarterbacks don t give tim tebow a chance - what do they have to lose? maybe if obama knew too much about the spying it would be worse than knowing nothing - but either way it is just another disaster! @megrunder: .@realdonaldtrump is there any subject you arent an expert on? no not many! on 1300 acres in charlottesville @trumpwinerys wine has been awarded the coveted virginia double gold medal. great victory for people of blackdog scotland. they defeated substation stopping inefficient & ugly wind turbines.@alexsalmond. when will @alexsalmond realize that he s destroying scotland--the most beautiful countryside in the world w his stupid wind turbines? .@alexsalmond suffered a huge defeat by the people of blackdog. communities all over scotland are fighting this loser. .@alexsalmond the man who let terrorist pan am flight 103 al-megrahi go lost another battle over ugly wind turbines in blackdog. .@alexsalmond of scotland may be the dumbest leader of the free world. i cant imagine that anyone wants him in office. 1.5m have already lost their health care plans thanks to obamacare defund now and repeal later! fact all the countries complaining about us spying on them spy on us. they just don t get caught--stupid! congrats @nbcinvestigates on revealing that obama knew millions of americans would lose their healthcare plans. wont be a buyers market for long. if you can purchase a home but remember i told you this three years ago. i hear @billmaher really bombed in springfield--people were leaving show way early--stupid guy! a great victory in scotland ... @haay ramiiie: @realdonaldtrump has the best twitter. it is now a fact that president obama lied in order to get obamacare passed-that is fraud and the legislation should be recinded-interesting. via @wpoffshore: donald trump s blackdog victory. congrats to @rushlimbaugh on the release of his new book rush revere and the brave pilgrims. #1 on @amazon and @bnbooks. must read! four brave americans died in benghazi. administration is still covering up the truth. we deserve to know the full truth. if obama was willing to lie about obamacare then what else has he lied to us about. via @wsj: the obamacare awakening: americans are losing their coverage by political design. china just called. they want to lend obama another 1b for the obamacare web site. you re never a loser until you quit trying. - mike ditka. obamacare is a disaster and snowden is a spy who should be executed-but if it and he could reveal obama s recordsi might become a major fan. how come snowden and obamacare have access to all records and information but don t have even the smallest tidbits on president obama? @billmaher: with the cast from friday s real time - and now i m in springfield mass for standup tonight-and bill you totally bombed- bad. @mikebus7: @realdonaldtrump great fitting shirt and i got a couple compliments on it too! looks great. @dannyzuker: .@realdonaldtrump i miss us. danny i miss you tooooo! looks like a very good world series game! isn t the world tired of hearing president obama say he knew nothing about anything-time to take responsibility for all of your mistakes! both of our new york hotels are on the top ten list of the most luxurious hotels in nyc... congrats to all! the best entrepreneurs believe the true measure of success has to do with the number of jobs their business creates. midas touch. learn work and think in equal proportions and youll be going in the right direction. think like a champion. the obamacare website is unfixable & rumor has it that they will stop checks & balancesa free-for-all that will cost the country trillions. gary sinise is doing tremendous work for veterans through his foundationcheck it out @garysinisefound. .@trumppanama is panama citys premiere hotel. 70 stories over punta pacifica excellence has arrived to so. america. still looking to give away a record 1m reward on @fundanything for a crowd funding campaign. congratulations to boston on the @redsox world series victory. earned and deserved. @andigriffin @realdonaldtrump your las vegas hotel is beautiful too!! thank you. not only did the 1b obamacare website not work it cant even protect your personal information a disaster. if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. i was born in hawaii. its thursday. @billmaher is still a very dumb guy--just look at his past. so we can spy on our allys leaders but cant water board terrorists? @debstermistress @realdonaldtrump when he says he doesn t know he admits he is not leading. usa a rudderless ship. @duncanrj1969 thanks. @casamadison thanks. successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don t quit. conrad hilton. @maryhukill: @realdonaldtrump the donald j. trump shirt from macys looks good!!! sharp good fabric great color...it rocks!!! classy look. the bus driver who saved the woman from jumping off the bridge was really cool great guy. i m going to send him 10 000-he deserves it! @sonnygirard true. @wsaleen thanks. do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself. - andrew carnegie. located in tribeca each @trumpsoho hotel room features floor to window ceilings for a view of lower manhattan. winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. think like a champion. via @ibtimes: miss universe 2013: contestants stun in gorgeous gowns at national gift auction gala. millions losing healthcare plans despite president obama s promise that this would not happen! what about a massive protest march on d.c. @montecristo mag: the @trumpvancouver presentation centre has opened. this is going to be special said @realdonaldtrump. @earn it work: @realdonaldtrump @billmaher see trump? he takes his shots but has no balls. don t listen and do us a favor and run for potus. @juanmatava: @realdonaldtrump gives me a lot of strength. @bobkurlander: @realdonaldtrump awesome new clock at trump jupiter. would look so good between range putting green. will happen. @deny62wilson: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the course to get completed best thing that ever happened to aberdeenshire true. @jannunz7: @realdonaldtrump mr trump... please run in 2016 and try and save our beautiful... precious county..!! god bless. @ellenmarie47: @realdonaldtrump @jannunz7 i agree. this country needs a business man s sense and obama does not have it. so true! @julibanko: missing my days at #trumpwinery. @realdonaldtrump is my hero. thank you. @the news diva: @realdonaldtrump you get a fist bump from me for giving that bus driver 10k. thank you. he deserves it thanks. @gorgessteven: @realdonaldtrump run for president please! @luv2raise: @realdonaldtrump please please run for president in 2016. we need something to look forward to & someone to look up to! will be on fox & friends in five minutes - enjoy and good morning! @brightonpatriot @mulder1981 @alexsalmond true--he is killing scotland! @sundayhorse thanks. everyone is telling me that @eliotspitzer is going to run against lightweight @agschneiderman--spitzer would win! @jshue20 great! beauty arrives to moscows crocus city hall this 11.9.! on @nbc the world will watch @missuniverse 2013 crowned. @zak boxer never give up! hope & change. millions are losing their healthcare plans & obamacare is taking cancer patients doctors away. the obamacare website will cost over 1.5b when all is said and done. crazy! @gop house has the right bill: if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. the senate must take it up on a vote! @tglivak: @kingspeedsimms if you don t already follow @realdonaldtrump you should. #youcanthankmelater so true! @seancourt: i feel safer knowing men like @realdonaldtrump are around thank you. @msmegzilla: @realdonaldtrump - i wish you were president! but only if you want our country to be great again! @andersengell: love reading t s tweets concerning obamacare. people might find him controversial but mr. trump sure knows his stuff! #pro. wow just watching the news.obamacare and the website are totally out of control. costs are through the roof. this could be ruinous to u.s.! @pghceo: if @realdonaldtrump was pres. the us would probably be buying small countries and flipping them to other countries. profit though. @mystatetalk: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016 we need to end the madness we need a leader like you in office!!! thank you. @baitedtrap: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president!!! america needs you! @rizz lizz: @realdonaldtrump @andersengell mr.president djt could do this in his sleep! light years ahead of opponents. lies and incompetence - the two words that are most closely associated with obamacare! @evanmyers: i love how many negative tweets @realdonaldtrump gets. he must look at them smile and go back to being a champion. thank you! i would gain a whole new respect for president obama if he would say look we made a big mistake sorry! no more lies or deception. the @amspec article shakedown schneiderman about ny state lightweight @agschneiderman is amazing. i hope everybody reads the @amspec article shakedown schneiderman the ag of new york @agschneiderman. #trumpvine on obamacare website-. @officialmelb & @thomasaroberts are hosting trump @missuniverse 2013 pageant in moscow. they will be terrific! sen. @davidvitter & @david bossie w @seanhannity demand congress live by your laws. hitting at home. democrat sen. joe donnellys son had his healthcare plan dropped. revisionist history. now obama claims he never told us that everyone could keep their healthcare plans. crazy! the @erictrumpfdn event featured a performance by #celebapprentice @johnrich- a great event for a great cause! watch-. not only does obama spy on german leaders he criticizes their trade surplus we should have a trade surplus! can you believe that the builder of the failed obamacare website was just given a new government contract - how stupid is that - clueless!!! the truth is that we could have much better healthcare in our country at a much more affordable price - everyone in u.s. would benefit! our nobel prize for peace president said i m really good at killing people according to just out book double down. can oslo retract prize? @jvince81: @bforrealstevens govchristie @realdonaldtrump that tie is awesome. i need that tie. where can i get it? macy s. @mzulianix3: @realdonaldtrump you are the coolest man i ve ever met thank you! @thesween bean: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for 2016. #trump2016 our country needs help leadership and it needs it fast! @emilyluvsuxoxo: @realdonaldtrump is the best person in the entire world. thank you emily so nice! recognize that the world needs more entrepreneurs. everyone is counting on you. midas touch. @prdnjoy67 no #darnell does. thilan golfswag @realdonaldtrump played doral for the first time. absolutely great course! fantastic job! thanks. @dnewman83 thank you. @andy241097 thank you. @rrpsllc thank you. @rizz lizz you re right--doesn t fit my image. if you put the federal government in charge of the sahara desert in 5 years there d be a shortage of sand. milton friedman. with terrific steve wynn at dinner last night. success tip: see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. apply your skills and talent--and be tenacious. job tip: if you were the employer what kind of person would you most desire as an employee? be that person. use your intelligence and your education to execute what your imagination presents to you. this is one step to becoming an entrepreneur. brian @kilmeade wrote a wonderful book called george washington s secret six that is truly worth reading. @hitthelights 14: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for 2016!!!! america needs you!!!!#trump2016 thank you what a mess our country is in. when obama tried to tweak his previous statement on obamacare he made it an even greater lie-even the senate democrats are angry with him! just sit back and watch obamacare is such a disaster it will fall like a house of broken cards. the website is the best part of this mess! she is so sad and pathetic that i almost feel sorry for sec.sebelius. she has done great harm to many people and must be fired. incompetent! put kathleen sebelius out of her misery and lovingly say you re fired! let her go home to her family and rest. bring in top flight people! prediction: the disaster known as obamacare will only get worse and republicans will gain far greater power than they have had in years! a level will be reached where obamacare will be so out of control expensive and unwieldy that the biggest supporters will abandon ship. if democrats do not start opposing obamacare and fast republicans will have a massive victory in 2014 - far greater than any predictions! i will be going to asheville north carolina tonight for the 95th birthday party of the great billy graham - such a wonderful man! thebillmcgee @realdonaldtrump-after a year of wear your shirts still look great! glad i made the purchase! thank you. my speech at @amspec bartlet gala dinner where i received @boonepickens entrepreneur award. its that time of the year. @trumprink in central park is now open--best rink in the world. a landmark. had dinner this week at @megunyc at trump world tower opposite the united nationsfantastic food! 212.964.7777. looking forward to attending the great rev. @billygrahams birthday party tonight--there s nobody like him! congratulations to the 1b obamacare website on enrolling four in delaware. cost to us - 4m. at least 3.5m fellow americans are going to lose their healthcare plans because of obamacare. defund then repeal! we still have not learned the full truth on benghazi. four americans were killed. congress must act! upstate new york needs jobs. frack now & frack fast! pay off ny state debt. read the bible. work hard and honestly. and don t complain. rev. @billygraham. dont toss off your problems and dont dwell on them either. deal with them! think like a champion. the obamacare disaster will increase the amount of uninsured what is the point of this trillion monstrosity? success tip: be ready for problems and be patient--there are very few cases of instant gratification. being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. be totally focused. leadership: whatever happens you re responsible. if it doesn t happen you re responsible. i m in moscow for miss universe tonight - picking a winner is very hard they are all winners. total sellout of arena. big night in russia! @johfax: visiting nyc today. where can i buy your famous light pink tie? @realdonaldtrump macy s or trump tower. i was just given a great tour of moscow - fantastic hard working people. city is really energized! the world will be watching tonight! @timtmahar: @realdonaldtrump when you leave russia please bring back some leaders! interesting! @brose2288: @realdonaldtrump the women are unbelievable but getting to hang with steven tyler will be the highlight! steven sings tonight. @cooey2ruley: @realdonaldtrump since you are in russia go kick snowden in the ass. @gutterferret: @realdonaldtrump tell us in a vine! your voice carries so much more impact! #trumpvine o.k. on monday! @trescurrie311: @realdonaldtrump trump national in washington d.c. looks great. love what you ve done with it thank you! i just got back from russia-learned lots & lots. moscow is a very interesting and amazing place! u.s. must be very smart and very strategic. i will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7. remember that i predicted a long time ago that president obama will attack iran because of his inability to negotiate properly-not skilled! @brahsumatra: @realdonaldtrump remember when you use to have real hair? spelling - i still do dummy it is all mine! if we could force russia china and other competitors to use obamacare we would be able to instantly destroy their great economic success! drew brees is having a great game - a fantastic quarterback and really good guy! if justice roberts had done the right thing and voted against obamacare our country would be in a lot better shape right now! total turmoil. @joeyb134: i hope @realdonaldtrump will invite me to golf with him @trumpdoral when it is all complete. it looks like an awesome place. @el juino: @realdonaldtrump well i will predict that if u run for president you will win. the republicans must be patient and smart - obamacare could sweep them into office in far greater numbers than anyone ever thought possible! while i was in moscow i see that president obsma apologized for his lie i mean statement on obamacare! how nice of him to be so forthright. @ maleki : @realdonaldtrump : give the people what they want and announce your candidacy for president 2016. thank you very nice. don t worry when our country starts hurting bad enough from all of the mistakes that are being made we will start doing the right things. we will only be the land of the free as long as we are home of the brave! happy veterans day to all in particular to the haters and losers who have no idea how lucky they are!!! .@iamstevent gave one of the greatest endings to a show ever @missuniverse. standing ovation! @agalarovaras i had a great weekend with you and your family. you have done a fantastic job. trump tower-moscow is next. emin was wow! true courage is being afraid and going ahead and doing your job anyhow! - general norman schwarzkopf. @wcmartzofficial thank you. @worldreachtech: @greta gotta respect donald greta. if ever anyone nailed obama for who and what he really is and has done it s donald. @soonrfan4life: @realdonaldtrump i m a veteran and one of your biggest fans. love what u do for our nation. #trumpforpresident thanks. @daphnehaven: i m so fascinated by the way @realdonaldtrump is. he motivates me to never give up & to keep pushing forward. great! @nicky0472: @realdonaldtrump the only ppl that still believe obama did not lie r completely lost. so true! @aarranmcpherson: @realdonaldtrump good luck in your case against the wind turbines in aberdeen bay most sensible scots agree with you! @jayrobby: i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump. i so love them. you have good taste! @becca110611: @realdonaldtrump is literally the appitamy of amazing! gotta love him thank you becca. @dexter cn: @realdonaldtrump president trump sounds good to me i ll tell you one thing the country would be back on top again! thanks. @judithdbailey thank you! @eminofficial emin your performance at miss universe was fantastic - you are a star! miss usa pageant had a 4 to 1 vote in favor but it won t be in miami doral in 2014-- mayor boria voted against it. i want total support! @oliviaculpo @agalarovaras @eminofficial @iamstevent @crocuscityhall crocus city hall in moscow is a fabulous place! via @moscowtimes donald trump planning skyscraper in moscow. @pennjillette & @adamrifkins directors cut has 4 days to go until it meets its @fundanything goal. @jamesokeefeiiis @project veritas has exposed the massive obamacare fraud perpetuated by navigator programs. everyone should watch the documentary windfall on @netflix. see an upstate ny town ruined by environmentalists & windfarms. obamacare is one of the worst political disasters of all time - 4992343 americans losing coverage less than 50ooo new signups. @shrubshrub: i ve said it before. i ll say it again. the turn down service at the @trumptoronto is the best in the world. thank you! @dcooldog: after careful consideration i m going with my blue @realdonaldtrump #signaturecollection tie for my big meeting today. do well. president obama is under pressure from democrats to undo his lie on obamacare. his problem is that such a move would end obamacare. obamacare is on life support - it will soon be dead on arrival - a bad concept that was imcompetently administered! no matter how far down a path you go if it s the wrong path turn around and go back home - before it is too late. can you believe itthe model who mysteriously disappeared from the obamacare website is not a us citizenshes from colombia. the same people that built the obamacare website used as the face of the website someone who is not a us citizen. incompetent. icymi-- @melaniatrump reading newspapers and see... #billygraham95 #happybirthday @billygraham. @bretbaier you are doing really great - keep it up of which i have no doubt . @countrygurl4747: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016!!! we need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back!! true! in a new poll a majority of people felt the president knowingly lied about health care pledge. who are the fools who don t think he lied? @makeupartist121: 1984 cover of @realdonaldtrump #gq #magazine @ivankatrump ...one of my main idols i look up to!! @ojosborn: @realdonaldtrump i am one of them fools. the presidents heart in right place wrong he knowingly lied - bad intentions! @andrewsnicoll: @realdonaldtrump the same idiots who think he was born in the usa! dopes! @kbaileyjava2: @realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice please! asap. president obama is the best thing that ever happened to jimmy carter! @dany8ro: aha rt @realdonaldtrump: you have good taste! @jayrobby: i love bill gates and warren buffet and donald trump. i so love them. breaking news--negotiations with iranians broke down because obama insisted that they use obamacare. @mikedemkiw true! more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america! obama friend got a no-bid 635m contract to build website and now she will get more to fix it. i ll be on @gretawire on the record tonight to talk about the obamacare fiasco--7 pm on fox news. he who defends everywhere defends nowhere. sun tzu. .@missuniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful! @chaz is so bomb: i hope @realdonaldtrump is our next president thanks. @patrickweeks: its #tangible its #solid its #beautiful. its #artistic from my standpoint and i just love #realestate. donald. @pididdie20: in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish - donald trump. @grouponegav yes online through macy s. @gyuman82: @realdonaldtrump plz run for president in 2016 america needs a strong leader! we sure don t have leadership now! thanks. @lydiapearman: @realdonaldtrump @patrickweeks and let s be honest you have some of the finest #realestate on the planet! very true! @zizzy706: @realdonaldtrump let s get your oval ass in that oval office. #trump2016 thanks i think! @iverson233: @realdonaldtrump can i run your hotels while you run the country ? sounds good to me! @bill collector : @realdonaldtrump we need you as the next president! your a winner!!! thank you. @truckersamf: already thinking about golf 2014...top of the list has to be revamped doral world golf championship march 3-9 miami fl. the cast has been largely selected for next year s celebrity apprentice. wait till you hear the names-amazing! season 14-many nights at #1. did president obama have a rough day yesterday or what? he has got to start telling the truth - no more lies or deception! the only deal the republicans should accept is a complete repeal of obamacare. you have them on the run - don t fold - go for it! a true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better. midas touch. be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. thats good business. think like a champion. rumor has it apple is going to release iphones with bigger screens. that s good news. again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america! winning is habit. unfortunately so is losing. - vince lombardi. @reaiosmelsousa great job in helping our wonderful miss universe - there is nobody like you - congratulations! @eveningexpress thank you for your fair and balanced reporting. you provide a great and important service to the people of scotland! @gary4205 thanks gary. @swetasamota: be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. thats good business. think like a champion djt. @not that actor very good! 13 billion 4.5 billion-these are the stupid settlements that j.p.morgan just made. why don t they fight? no wonder they keep getting sued. the real j.p.morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes. a settler is a soft target. @isaidknow: awesome! rt again more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in obamacare. congratulations america! thanks! @psu rebot: rt @millman85: @realdonaldtrump you could put #pennstate in this same category! #settlers #softtarget @psu rebot true-weak! i wonder what the late great vince lombardi would say about the rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled? football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatoryracist and can be viewed as bullying. i wonder if the rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming? @marloamoriello1: @realdonaldtrump donald we can t allow this country to become soft like obama and penn state! please run in 2016 #leader. the wimps that run penn state should be forced to resign and be sued for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy. maybe some of the dead voters who helped get president obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for obamacare. how did the ncaa which is weak and becoming irrelevant extract such a big & reputation shattering settlement from penn state. others zero! i will be going to trump national doral in miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new blue monster. amazing! @fransiscomlaza: @realdonaldtrump rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems donald trump. the polls have shown that dead people voted for president obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right! president obama played golf yesterday??? w signature trump amenities 5 star rooms & world-class restaurants @trumpwaikiki brings excellence to hawaii. our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow americans suffering from the storms & tornadoes. the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do. -- steve jobs. i took some heat a long time ago when i said that george zimmerman was a sicko and bad news. i know people and this guy is no good-trouble! go to work today be smart think positively and win! @ianckeffer: rocking a @realdonaldtrump brand tie today for good measure. the picture does it no justice. available @macys looks great! i got george zimmerman right- watch-. congratulations to @mariabartiromo on her big move to @foxbusiness. she is a total winner! flashback - october 9 2012: donald trump: jobs numbers are a lot of monkey business proven right again! last october on @meetthepress @chucktodd attacked @jack welch and i for saying obama cooked the job number. will he apologize? just as i said last october census workers cooked the job numbers for obama right before the election. @chucktodd @meetthepress @jack welch chuck--very fair best wishes! one of @golfworldus top private clubs @trumpnationalny features a jim fazio designed 7291 yd par 72 course. 64 stories of golden glass over the strip @trumplasvegas elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows. guess who is talking to @missuniverse at @trumptowerny? not terrible hair! priorities. while obama wastes billions on a broken website he is going to cut military pay no surprise. jamie dimon just gave away 13b to government in settlement. terrible move & bad precedent. could have done much better by fighting. if everything seems under control you re not going fast enough. -- mario andretti. broken promises. a broken billion dollar website. obamacare cant be fixed. repeal! the next obamacare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans. advertising is totally unnecessary. unless you hope to make money. - jef i. richards. always borrow money from a pessimist because he will never expect it to be paid back! work is fun deals are fun life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together. go out there and make your family proud. if everything seems under control you re not going fast enough. -- mario andretti. afghanistan leaders want the u.s. to keep 20 000 troops there for many more years fully paid for by the u.s. but first they want apology. emin from russia--a very talented guy. all proceeds go to help the philippines. @eminofficial #missuniverse. @matt marcolini @missuniverse @trumptowerny thank you. @meghanfaheyy great! @wantonsoop true! congratulations to @miketyson on the success of his new book undisputed truth & @hbo special--and thanks for the nice words mike. 1b down another 1b to go. obamacare website is 40 unfinished. this is beyond pathetic. offering true luxury @trump charlotte has spectacular restaurants olympic pools & six professional tennis courts. @libertybellskp so true! @damoncanel @trumplasvegas thank you. @nolanitenyc sad! @chadasletten thanks. @facebook ben thanks. @swanrose2013 i create jobs! when warren buffett & others play w bankruptcy nobody careswhen trump plays the game it becomes a big deal! congrats to congress on their 112 gold tier healthcare plans why should they suffer like regular americans? if you want to kill any idea in the world get a committee working on it. -- charles kettering. results are what matter. the bottom line is clearly the bottom line. --think like a champion. do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by u.s.a. make america great! @morningmika i m watching joe who is 100 correct on afghanistan fondling the once great time magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is! today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind victory! florida power & light did a fantastic job of providing service & energy during the big storm in palm beach. @insidefpl. figure out what really moves you. you ve got to have the fire in order to have the midas touch. -- midas touch. we have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in afghanistan. their government has zero appreciation. let s get out! host of the 2017 u.s. women s open trump bedminster has been rated one of america s best golf courses. 70 stores above punta pacifica s pristine peninsula @trumppanama offers fine dining five pools & luxury rooms. i answered my @facebook fans questions via video- watch-. emails prove wh knew obamacare website wouldn t work in october -- why didn t they delay the launch? knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth. we better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns! if you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged and you carry a gun shoot the bastard teach them a lesson ! weak newscasters are asking is there a racial component to knockout attacks? of course there is and weakness will only make it worse! for all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack please remember the late great charles bronson-no more crime! lightweight shakedown artist ag eric schneiderman was exposed in todays new york post editorial. if jp morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years nobody would be suing themeasy target. hypocrite. watch senator obama defend democratic debate of senate filibuster rules in 2005. since the democrats decided to kill the filibuster they now own it.republicans should keep the new rule when they re in the majority. thomas jefferson wrote the senate filibuster rule. harry reid & obama killed it yesterday. rule was in effect for over 200 years. such a nice article in the new york times about a wonderful developer arthur zeckendorf. republicans have the right approach to obamacare let it fail. free market solutions will be embraced by americans in 2016. its friday. how many millions has the white house wasted on the obamacare website today? @pattycake77777 happy birthday! young entrepreneurs keep positive. dont let the obamacare disaster stop your endeavors. there are great opportunities out there. @whiteshaunwhite i dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time @realdonaldtrump @billgates thx. we are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the iran nuclear talks. strengthen sanctions until great deal is made! the scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn t feel that way with a gun at their head! get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious and violent than the assaulter-and crime would end fast! snow and ice freezing weather in texas arizona and oklahoma - what the hell is going on with global warming? @mikehaas33: @realdonaldtrump mar a lago a spectacular property. here with wells fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello i did! the people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you obamacare! they changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn t working! what a rotten deal we made with iran. we get nothing except laughter at our stupidity . they get everything including delay and big cash! how far has the united states gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with iran. read the art of the deal! i do not understand how so many of my jewish friends backed obama in the last election. he is a total disaster for israel-and always will be. @otcgiant: @realdonaldtrump with even a half decent running mate i don t see how you could lose against the democrats ineptness. #trumo2016. i will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7. will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence of which our leaders have plenty! how much longer are we expected to put up with the world s most incompetent leader - obamacare iran syria bads deals. just never ends. we had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap. why? tom brady has done a great job tonight-amazing new england comeback. good game- not over yet! tom brady is a good friend of mine a great player a great guy and a total winner! fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs! john kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with iran. great dealmakers do not celebrate dealsthey just go on to the next one. the reason great dealmakers do not openly celebrate a deal especially one that is not complete is that it shows weakness to the other side. i know it has been many years since our country made great deals but isn t it about time we start right now. make america great again! best book ever on dealmaking or so they say - trump: the art of the deal. go get it and others washington - you really can do better! after settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars j.p.morgan s lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-dumb! don t underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact and focus on the positives. realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you re in charge. everything starts with you. who would you rather have negotiating with iran--president obama or toronto mayor ford? my money is on ford. obama is going to take away over 90m americans healthcare plans but he is letting iran keep its nukes. just think about that. why didn t obama as part of the negotiation free the christian pastor saeed abedini? the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. the art of the deal. just got home watching the news and every story is bad about the u.s. someday we will return to being great again but we need leadership! don t worry the united states will be great again! new poll wow-53 say president obama is not honest & trustworthy. what took them so long. go back and look at his house purchase in chicago. president obama is finally getting hammered even by his most loyal supporters and the press-i guess they can only take so much! @lechrispace following @realdonaldtrump was probably my best decision #bear thanks. i will be in palm beach jupiter and miami today checking on big construction projects. i love florida and love on time and on budget const. vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. wind power company fined 1 million for killing birds. golden eagles among victims... @alexsalmond @aberdeenshire. in vegas? enjoy thanksgiving in @trumplasvegas djt lounge where the @nfl games will be playing all day. i can t believe no one has been fired over the obamacare website fiasco! when do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless obamacare website? we enjoy hosting tourists in @trumptowerny. they come from all over the world to see the atrium a nyc landmark. wind power company fined 1 million for killing birds. golden eagles among victims... @rspbscotland @natures voice. how does obama rationalize giving iran 8b in sanction relief when a christian pastor is being tortured in an iranian prison? look great for thanksgiving. trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers top men s styles. set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. president obama said over and over again if you like your plan you can keep your plan period! this turned out to be a total lie-90 mill. mr. president tell iran to immediately free the christian pastor as a sign of good faith & if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions. @mckay317 @trumptowerny i will check it out thanks. @frankmdavisjr @trumptowerny thanks. @cdaeda @rspbscotland @natures voice no way they are bird killing machines. via @worldnetdaily: jailed u.s. pastor s wife praises trump: i hope more people like him will speak out. @seankanderson great! @patrickjfsmith thanks. @jeffbuehrle @realdonaldtrump @macys really like the ties. have a handful and they are my favorite. use them well! @nicole tri16 @trumptowerny thank you. learn know and show. its a proven formula. put it to use starting today. think like a champion. @thesween bean thank you and happy thanksgiving. come celebrate thanksgiving in the windy city at @trumpchicagos 5 star 5 diamond sixteen restaurant. via @moscowtimes: donald trump in new @eminofficial video emin & family are wonderful people. reigning @apprenticenbc champion @traceadkins does great work with @wwpinc. donate to an injured warrior today. war on the families. price of electricity hit record high in october terrible especially during holiday season. iranian officials say that the wh is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement. the 1b failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the obamacare. over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year. make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday. it is a special time. love and appreciate your family. tell iran to let our christian pastor go--and i mean right now. if they don t there will be hell to pay. happy thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers! us froze 8b in iranian assets during 79 hostage crisis. now obama is giving it back to iran while christian pastor is jailed. don t do it! why doesn t president obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie announce that obamacare was a mistake and deal a really great plan! despite the fact that i have had great success with the words you re fired i do not like firing people. but zero on obamacare mess-no way! can you believe that president karzai of afghanistan is holding out for more more more and refuses to sign deal. tell him to go to hell! i truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world. happy thanksgiving everyone enjoy your day! @rspbscotland: thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle scotland s national bird! being killed by wind turbines. @thirdforcenews: should the golden eagle be scotland s national bird? @rspbscotland won t be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all. @rspbscotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in @aberdeenshire. @alexsalmond. @rspbscotland @alexsalmond the same man that released pan am terrorist for humane reasons will destroy scotland with grotesque turbines! @rspbscotland rspb is a total joke-they went for bird chopping wind turbines in @aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course! i am in miami at trump national doral. just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites. blue monster complete-opens dec 14. work begins on the old post office in washington d.c. in 3 months. it will soon become one of the great hotels of the world. my ties shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-the best-available at macy s! congratulations to dubai on winning the rights to host expo 2020! a great place winning a major global event.@damacofficial @dubaiexpo2020. trump international in dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world. congratulations to @damacofficial for their genius! @graeme123s: @realdonaldtrump you ll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives thank you so nice! @dhowejr7: @realdonaldtrump @graeme123s just wanted to say thankyou. your a great man thank you! first minister salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in scotland-he would become popular again! @alexsalmond. @noturbine:west palm beach fl industrial wind farm scrapped thousands of birds bats saved from death @alexsalmond @aberdeenshire. @sos2day: guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - new york news @alexsalmond @aberdeenshire. @nowindalabama: beautiful! let s keep it that way. #turbinefree rt @bamagirl 4 ever: sunset on sand mountain. @aberdeenshire @alexsalmond. @noturbine: turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to & ruin lives of folks living close & not reduce co2. @faykellytuncay: lords of windfarms: how britains richest landowners are making millions from turbines. @windwatchorg: no more wind turbines county tells province:wind farm developers should look elsewhere than duffe... offshore wind in europe: lessons for the u.s. via @huffpostgreen the lesson should be that it s a lousy idea!!! @tundraswans: wind turbine projects are destroying rural ont. wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster ken lay of enron. @walterhorsting: arctic ice extent highest in a decade via @wordpressdotcom. @noturbine: @realdonaldtrump wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year industry hides evidence of kills. @al co: @realdonaldtrump wind turbines are ugly and a fraud. remove them. uk is going down the gutter. @aberdeenshire @alexsalmond. today is the day that obamacare website was supposed to be up and working. wrong-website is closed down a total disaster! 90 million doomed. @fay @aberdeedshire how the green movement kills: 31000 excess winter deaths in britain last year. each turbine kills 6 pensioners. i hope you buy my shirts and ties at @macys. @rodzillatron1: definitely added to my collection. great product rt @realdonaldtrump: i hope you buy my shirts and ties at @macys great! @scdtan: @realdonaldtrump @macys very classy stuff mr.trump great christmas gifts. true and thanks! @rcoldwellbanker: @realdonaldtrump @macys great ties! wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in scottsdale az! @paulmilton28: @realdonaldtrump @macys love the ties!! great selection of colours. they are a big hit thanks. @jimmymcgreevy: @realdonaldtrump @macys ties r awesome! thanks! just left 259 million rebuilding of doral in miami. amazing - trump national doral will be a masterpiece if i do say so myself ! @agnesphagnes: @realdonaldtrump mr.trump has the midas touch! thank you very nice! @suejaneroberts: @realdonaldtrump any thing u work on is awesome thanks. @pbaratelli: @realdonaldtrump also mention charity payment when pga tour comes there for the event. true! wow the obamacare website which president obama said would be working today is a total mess with many functions not even thought about! @10ajmccarron aj is a great quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner. what a pass! that was a great football game. @skew11: i hope and know @realdonaldtrump will win in court. very bad what the ag did to him & trump university! @amyrusso108: thank god there is still someone in america that won t roll over for obama and his ridiculousness! sue the pants off ny ag! the least number of hurricanes in the u.s. in decades. so they change global warming too cold to climate change-now what will they call it. @ffxfamilyfun:my boy 6 is really into @passgomonopoly and getting re so i call him trump jr nicely! . hope you don t mind! my honor. @pinguspusher thank you. a fine man dr. paul f. crouch has just passed away. all christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work. @tbn. trump int. hotel & tower vancouver will transform the skyline w its 616 ft twisting & beautiful tower. many great business campaigns at @fundanything great way to support small upstarts. dying @gqmagazine just named me to a list. too bad gq is no longer relevantwont be around long! congratulations to the white house. for every 1 obamacare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices. very unfair! build your reputation on intelligence responsibility and results. thats building the right way. think like a champion. @kevredford have fun enjoy nyc. @clary77 thank you. @stephenwancha @realdonaldtrump @trumpcollection great to see you building more in canada!!! thanks. @griffithspb thanks. here we go again via @timesunion.com ... another bad deal. if you don t have time to do it right when will you have time to do it over? - john wooden. @slucas8lucas: i wish you would run for pres.. we need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future. do it for children. @laker steve thanks steve! @dm3300: @realdonaldtrump @teapublican donald trump for president!! interesting! @jglennard: @realdonaldtrump incredible level of customer service @trumppanama . best guest experience ever #levels thanks. @bowlingmatthew: andrew carnegie was the donald trump of early 1900 s. he didn t take crap from anybody. a great compliment! remember i predicted that new york magazine would fold and people scoffed? just announced n.y.post it lost big s & is cutting way back! too bad about new york magazine but there s a much bigger one out there currently doing a story on me to get even that i ll soon discuss! i just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked new york state attorney general eric schneiderman-he should resign from office! @lloyd156 : @realdonaldtrump doesnt give a fuck he just tells it like it is lol legend a very honest person thanks! with few exceptions only really smart people are able to make a lot of money. hard work is also important but brains will supersede. you can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people. just remember they all want to be you! @puddlejumper365 you have to have passion for your work. that s most important. then keep your focus intact. good luck. @stefthomason great! @brown97m thank you. @wakimotho thanks. @paulsriddell thank you. @trumpchicago grand deluxe suites chicagos most spacious hotel rooms each w 10 ft floor to ceiling windows. @trumpsohos four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices each embodying excellence. @michaelarrante happy birthday. @jeffreypham great! @codyaa722 yes it will happen. @candy uptigrove thanks. wow its now official. obamacare website has topped 1b will soon be up to 1.5b. new reality. yuan just passed the euro as 2nd most traded finance currency our leaders better get smart fast. there are no short cuts to any place worth going.-- beverly sills. the road to easy street goes through the sewer. john madden. denver minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record. what are the global warming geniuses saying about this? @dsing33: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump who will run the trump empire when trump sr is president? those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. -- albert camus. to become a champion fight one more round. -- james j. corbett long ago heavyweight champion. i never did give anybody hell. i just told the truth and they thought it was hell. --harry s. truman. sleazebag @bashirlive has just been forced to resign from @msnbc. his pathetic apology wasnt enough to save his job. @sarahpalinusa. congrats to @msnbc for firing martin bashirdont feel badly he didnt get ratings anyway. @sarahpalinusa. a special message for martin bashir-. our billion dollar website-. wow record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country. must be global warming i mean climate change! the problem w the concept of global warming is that the u.s. is spending a fortune on fixing it while china & others do nothing! .@vattenfallgroup couldnt sell its money losing aberdeen windfarmso @alexsalmond forced phony extension. @aberdeencc @aberdeenshire. .@vattenfallgroup wants out of their aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but @alexsalmond wont let themhes cont. off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout worldtoo expensive to build & operatedont work. cont. why is it that when warren buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit nobody cares but with me they go nuts! leaving today for california to inspect my fantastic golf course & club on the palos verdes peninsula. big success. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein. nelson mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed. a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- nelson mandela. it always seems impossible until it is done. --nelson mandela. @happypaultk @realdonaldtrump look what heavy winds did to one of our scottish wind turbines. ice storm rolls from texas to tennessee - i m in los angeles and it s freezing. global warming is a total and very expensive hoax! @robertw33157775 thanks. @bonz21 @realdonaldtrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can t stand it! keep blasting away! thx. great going to all of dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #expo2020 - we will all be there! @hhshkmohd: to all people in the uae: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at dubai #expo2020. congratulations a fantastic win! we should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming! @kbetter52 thank you. .@billbratton was a great choice for nyc police commissioner. he will make us proud and safe! trump tower at century city brings luxury to makati the financial & social capital of philippines. steps away from waikiki s famous beaches @trumpwaikiki is hawaiis top destination w our signature amenities. iran has never had a better friend than obama. looking forward to hosting @naghmehabedini next week @trumptowerny. the white house has abandoned her husband christian pastor abedini. the now 1.2b obamacare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data. it s friday. how much money has been wasted on defunct obamacare website today? you can t put a limit on anything. the more you dream the farther you get. - @michaelphelps. my shirts ties & cufflinks @macys have never been better or more beautiful. great holiday gifts great price. @trumthomp thanks. after every setback start thinking big as soon as possible. - think big. don t underestimate yourself--or your possibilities. there are always opportunities. @missuniversnews: miss universe 2012 @oliviaculpo with the boss @realdonaldtrump during #missuniverse2013 #throwback. @ trevorjames: i d work for @realdonaldtrump for free i love that! @timleman: @realdonaldtrump what was one thing others underestimated about you? that i never give up! @sportsproverbs: winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. donald trump. @beandp749: i like thinking big. if youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big. donald trump. my father fred trump left me a relatively small amount of money compared to where i am today-over 10 billion but vast amount of knowledge. in making big money knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient including money itself! @hmunjal: you re one of the most educated handsome and sophisticated men that i know of. men should aspire to be like you. thank you! @loispope1 word is that the dinner tonight at mar-a-lago hosted by the incomparable lois pope was fabulous. big money raised for charity. show me someone without an ego and i ll show you a loser - having a healthy ego or high opinion of yourself is a real positive in life! people are always asking me about the very special word confidence. the fact is there is almost nothing like it. is derived from winning! p.s. - there is also something really good to say about humility. being confident and humble is a great combination maybe the best of all! just got back to new york from california. will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. obamacare and other disasters to be discussed. @vanityfair wow i just looked at the circulation numbers - vanity fair magazine won t be around much longer it s really in bad shape! @conkjr: did you tour @trumpgolfla. one of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in martin howard thank you! obama said he never met his uncle oscar who was arrested for whatever. turns out he lived with his uncle in boston. so many lies! the unaffordable care act sometimes referred to as obamacare is not working. millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud! i really enjoy doing @foxandfriends every monday at 7 am. @sdoocy @ehasselbeck and @kilmeade are great people. just left florida amazing how well state is doing-- jobs way up taxes down. congrats to @flgovscott. just read @piersmorgans book shooting straight and whether you love him or hate him im in the first category it is terrific. @foolishvessel - was so awesome u hosted @naghmehabedini this week! please give it ur utmost to #freesaeed! i will! @discretepi4you @foxandfriends i look forward to your segment every week. clear concise and common sense! thanks. via @bluegreentweet: scottish wind farm opposed by donald trump delayed. courageous people do not fear forgiving for the sake of peace. nelson mandela. @wakafee1017 @realdonaldtrump everyone should look at what he has done & take notes if you want to be successful. thx. as always & due to popular demand@trumprink will be open christmas eve & day as well as new year s eve & day. congrats to @joetorre @tonylarussa & bobby cox on all being unanimously elected to @mlbs @baseballhall! great leaders & managers. its time for @peterose 14 to enter @mlbs @baseballhall. all time hits leader has paid the price. graydon carter whose reign over failing @vanityfair has been a disaster has acted in two movies--both bombed & got bad reviews. wheres the leadership? obama only met with sebelius once since obamacare passed his signature legislation... wh claims it lied about pres. obama living with his uncle b c wasnt mentioned in his book. i guess bill ayers never knew about it! @dennyhuntington @foxandfriends i look forward to you on mondays! always insightful conversations thanks. bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years.@alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay! the ill-conceived windfarm that @alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose 50 million a year. only a fool would build it or want it! if graydon carter s very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fair-his bad food restaurants die. @adamricheal donaldtrump for pres 2016 america s economy needs his business midas touch & no nonsense approach thx. @warrencasselljr watching the apprentice uk. not as good as @realdonaldtrump s apprentice. true! @koos32 @realdonaldtrump donald you also belong in the same category as a great leader. the us needs you! thanks. major league baseball: the best thing you can do is let @peterose 14---your all time hits leader---into the hall of fame. it s time! state senator shirley huntley ratted on black politicians & was believed--when she ratted on @agschneiderman nobody listened. racism! naghmeh abedini the lovely wife of the christian pastor saeed being held in an iranian jail just left my office. #savesaeed. iran must immediately allow christian #pastorsaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions which should never have been lifted. via @worldnetdaily by @michaelcarl7: trump: obama blew chance to free u.s. pastor. illegal use of official attorney general stationary by lightweight @agschneiderman. how can nys allow lightweight @agschneiderman to remain in office? what are jcope & moreland commissions waiting on? great meeting with @naghmehabedini the wonderful wife of christian pastor saeed who is in iranian prison. #savesaeed. come on mlb do the right thing! let @peterose 14 into the hall. no drugsjust hard work and talent! .@markhalperins and john heilemanns book double down is an excellent read on the just passed election. great book congrats! @jheil. know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will. think like a champion. a beautiful view from my office today-. after climbing a great hill one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.-- nelson mandela. @kayvbb @realdonaldtrump @naghmehabedini thank you for raising awareness on her plight!! my honor. @davidsbaldwin @realdonaldtrump & #nelsonmandela. both legends. wow what a compliment. @brucesteve52 @realdonaldtrump @naghmehabedini thank you for caring for this family and their need. god bless you! thank you. @daveinchrist @realdonaldtrump @encouragedeve @naghmehabedini this is great!! how awesome of mr. trump! thank you. @ymatthews956 have u ever considered meeting w obama? he might be open to your wisdom & business savvy. i doubt it! .@johnkerry claims he has never stopped working f pastor abedinis release through back channels. where are the results? re kerry admitting to working for pastor abedinis release--why has us already released iranian spies & nuclear scientist? dumb! @ronaldrosenthal @billhemmer @realdonaldtrump @peterose 14 let pete rose in!!! yes!!!! he deserves it. @borland jim after staying at the trump international hotel and tower in nyc everything else seems subpar. thank you. via @aclj: pastor saeed s wife expresses gratitude to donald trump for raising her husband s plight. it s amazing how badly the knicks and nets are playing. everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent. too bad! @bobsmit98038199: @realdonaldtrump @agschneiderman botox botox botox botox. @kasek craig: can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance.. can t afford this. @trumpdoral the blue monster at trump national doral opens for play on saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course! @trumpdoral the brand new blue monster at trump national doral has recieved great reviews from the golf critics. check it out-opens dec. 14. @lbabcock2: we ve been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins. next year it all changes. president obama s approval rating at 38 is at an all-time low. gee i wonder why? why does conde nast allow dopey graydon carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing @vanityfair magazine? @marianne hund thank you for helping free saeed abedini. i pray god blesses you and that a christmas miracle is in the works! thx. let pete into the hall of fame- @peterose 14. @bencooner @red931fm @scotthallnwo @jassisidhu @b coalition @wwe @0 happy birthday sarina. the atrium of @trumptowerny dressed up for christmas-. i will be on piers morgan live tonight at 9 p.m. on cnn. tune in! this is one of the coldest winters ever freezing all over the country for long periods of time! so much for global warming. via @theblaze by @billyhallowell:donald trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastors freedom in iran. via @christianpost @naghmehabedini to testify at new congressional hearing on persecution of pastor saeed abedini. had dinner last night at megu 845 united nations plaza--fabulous food beautiful restaurant. via @patheosfamily by @bristolsblog: trump weighs in on saeed: obama didnt even ask thanks bristol! our prayers are with rev. @billygraham for a speedy recovery. his faith continues to inspire us all. a 1.5b website that can only handle 50k users at a time is sad but no surprise! exciting newsafter massive construction the blue monster at trump national doral is open for business today. i hope you all are looking at the donald j. trump signature collection of ties shirts & cufflinks @macysgreat for christmas & holidays. how amazing the state health director who verified copies of obamas birth certificate died in plane crash today. all others lived. @lisa smith70 a real president wouldn t take a selfie during any memorial service. #nelsonmandelamemorial. @markhousego myself & @realdonaldtrump back in the summer.great place & a great man. thx mark. what a sad thing that the memory of nelson mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral! can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic south africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy. such danger-give 10 years! economics behind ugly bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy scotland s beautiful coastline. cont. my complaint against @agschneiderman is a case study for jcope & moreland commissions on everything that is wrong with nys politics. sources inside @agschneidermans office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss. the talk in albany is that jcope & moreland commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight cont. bird killing windfarm that i oppose in aberdeen got delayed by at least two years.@alexsalmond forced the failing developers to delay! if graydon carter s very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing vanity fair-his bad food restaurants die. the ill-conceived windfarm that @alexsalmond is pushing for aberdeen will lose 50 million a year. only a fool would build it or want it! now sebelius is urging insurers to cover people who haven t paid complete mess. enrollment numbers are a sham. via @gatewaypundit: please pray for me i am losing my insurance just one of the millions of cases like this... @politifacts #lieoftheyear is obamas if you like your health care plan you can keep it. wrong. its the lie of the decade. the evidence continues to mount against lightweight @agschneiderman. it is time for jcope and moreland commissions to act. is business success a natural talent? i think its a combination of aptitude work and luck. think like a champion. i really like nelson mandela but south africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people! @vanityfair i love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why i like watching the dismal circulation numbers of vanity fair-it s dead. have a great weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind. never lose sight of the victory ahead! @macys the donald j. trump signature line of shirts ties really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best christmas & holiday gift by far. the united states is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states.pendulum has swung to cool. @joshinak: @billyhallowell i just bought one of his shirts for my wife s christmas party. great quality. got lots of compliments! great! president obama and other world leaders don t know how close they were to being seriously injured or worse standing next to psycho in sa. wow it s snowing in isreal and on the pyramids in egypt. are we still wasting billions on the global warming con? make u.s. competitive! 59 of the united states by area is now covered in snow-highest in many years. the global warming name isn t working anymore-sorry! they call it climate change now because the words global warming didn t work anymore. same people fighting hard to keep it all going! we should be focusing on beautiful clean air & not on wasteful & very expensive global warming bullshit! china & others are hurting our air. @0xbloood: @forq2 @realdonaldtrump hey i love @realdonaldtrump he is a man that commands authority thank you! @illest beats: @realdonaldtrump i think you would be our best president since reagan. @blakegermony: @realdonaldtrump the only man that understands politics #trump2016. @patrickmendeznv: we had a great exchange on twitter re: you being snubbed for @time person of the year@realdonaldtrump. time no guts! @brentporter34: #firefightersfordonald you make what i do worth while. i m holding faith you will run for any office. thanks brent! wow just in-john beale the top person in government on climate change epa is a total fraud and just admitted it! what can they say now. get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in todays world. think like a champion. wow a really great review of my golf club in scotland @trumpscotland in todaysgolferco.uk. thank you! @ali nugent good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all! who thinks that president obama is totally incompetent? under president obama do you think america will become a third world country? prime minister @david cameron is very foolish in giving @alexsalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying scotland. no better place to celebrate new years eve than @trumpsoho the most elite hotel in downtown nyc. congrats to pres.obama on having 3 of @washingtonpost s biggest pinocchios of the year great accomplishment! when @crowleycnn defended obama on benghazi in the presidential debate she was defending a complete lie. @trumpscotlands beautiful macleod house & lodge offers luxurious accommodations & dining w sea views. unsustainable. with our 17t debt & 90t in unfunded liabilities government blatantly wasted 30b this year. big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones. - theodore roosevelt. 2013 is the worst year ever for hollywood. garbage released after garbage. what is going on in these studios?! obamacare story of the day: florida cancer patient loses insurance during treatment b c of obamacare. @golfweekmag s best @golfweekphotos of 2013 : donald trump at @trumpdoral. benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists congratulations to the obama administration. frack now & frack fast!!! american prosperity depends on it. our economic renaissance is here. @twinmama85: i love the faux confidence gives people on twitter...your haters would never say these things to your face. not haterslosers! @surferev: @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfdc new course layout is unbelievable. 7800 yds long enough for the pga or what?? thank you! @ninjadomoesq: @realdonaldtrump should have at least been nominated for an oscar in home alone 2. i agree! @regis regis you are the greatest! i have never met a successful person that was a quitter. successful people never ever give up! you can attack defend counterattack sell or ignore. -roger ailes to pres. reagan during prep for 2nd mondale debate 84 election. if you want the best youd better be the best in all aspects of business. think like a billionaire. the trump signature collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs. great style & design exclusively available @macys. alternatives are important but first repubs must repeal obamacare. it s an unsustainable monstrosity that s destroying our healthcare. for all of those that think life is easy & dont want to work remember: hope is the poor mans bread. i just left the trump tower atrium--it is packed with great people. #1 tourist attraction in nyc-- fun! #trumptower. the more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself the more time you waste after a setback. move on and quickly embrace the next challenge! the coolest story is that john beale the man who headed up climate change for the government is a proven con man and total phoney.arrested. go to macy s today and buy trump ties shirts suits and cufflinks as a christmas or holiday present.great style great price! only the best. @paulmilton28: mr trump. i bought one of your ties when i was in manhattan. who is carrying your line here in toronto? macy s online. @mariadomenique9: @realdonaldtrump my brother wears your ties to work everyday. he loves them. he s also a huge fan of yours! say hello! i like rob astorino. he s a friend and really good guy. sadly he has zero chance of beating cuomo and the 2 to 1 dems for governor! @josh hlbrk: @realdonaldtrump if you keep tweeting macy s advertisements i will unfollow you. no you won t you re stuck. @thechrisrooney: @realdonaldtrump my bro lives at your charlotte property and said the club is fantastic! great thanks! @jack whiteman: @realdonaldtrump all i want for christmas is more of your ties great quality! thanks! @katdhairstudio: @realdonaldtrump @josh hlbrk trump is addicting i m sure you are also! @lowery01: hey @realdonaldtrump where can i buy your shirts and ties in the uk please? go to macy s online. @sthrnways: if more people thought like @realdonaldtrump the world would be a better place. #trumpforpresident2016 thanks! @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump 2014 is a big year for apprentice too! 10 years ago this january it started! so true amazing! @moonorion: you very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when obama abandoned another christian. stand up against #aetv w us now! @briansaheed: @realdonaldtrump governor cuomo won t get any real challenge unless it s mr. trump.. true! enough about my ties etc. @macys but they are doing really big numbers - people love them and @macys loves trump ! new york republican leader @edwardfcox is pushing my friend @robastorino into political suicide. results wont be pleasant! i am so honored by all the great ny state repubs who came to my office called & wrote for me to run for governor. if i do i will win. #tbt taking piano lessons from my friend elton john. no cuts to welfare no cuts to food stamps & not a single cut to obamacare yet the new budget cuts military benefits. sad! pres. obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his native hawaii putting secret service away from families on christmas. aloha! every day pastor saeed is imprisoned by iran is an indictment on obamas diplomacy. #savesaeed. a really nice article about the blue monster from the street. young entrepreneurs the holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects. focus! cant fool americans. 57 of uninsured hate obamacare reality is less will be insured b c of this monstrosity. obamacare horror story: navigators tell applicants to lie like administration @jamesokeefeiii strikes again! build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points. - knute rockne. if you fail once twice three times it doesn t matter. learn from your mistakes and push forward to victory-the sweetest feeling there is! white house relaxes penalty for canceled health policies a major blow to the sustainability and concept of obamacare! they are desperate. rated toronto s #1 hotel @trumpto has 261 guest rooms & suites furnished in elegant cosmopolitan style. packed with holiday celebrations members & staff are enjoying the first christmas season at @trump charlotte. trump national hudson valley s 7693 yd par 72 course features one of the country s great golf courses. its friday. how many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of obamacare? what s with this rap stuff with me and ebenezer scrooge? every strike brings me closer to the next home run. - babe ruth. if you cant adapt to new situations then you will never be successful. every change is a new opportunity to use your talent. guess what folks--the obamacare website just went down again. what a disaster. lightweight @agschneiderman is pushing for the moreland commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at! secret service members on break from obamas 4m vacation are more than welcomed to relax at hawaiis top hotel @trumpwaikiki. .@richard meier a highly overrated architect has had many problems with buildings he has designed. .@agschneiderman why is douglas durst allowed to use the freedom tower to get out of a lease with conde nast? personally i think douglas durst s brother got screwed by douglas--no wonder he s angry. if you don t believe in yourself no one else will. i had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #askthedonald. see if your question made it-. fernando thank you for the great review of the blue monster in south florida golf-especially top 10 in the world. i love @soflagolf! @ jcourtney95: can t stop watching interviews and documentaries of @realdonaldtrump the man is a legend thank you so nice! @cynstweet: @realdonaldtrump wrapping the @realdonaldtrump collection shirts & ties i bought at #macys. gorgeous christmas gifts! great! @theehayleymarie: few things in life are as wonderful as my @realdonaldtrump mattress. it s like laying on a cloud. #heavenly by serta! @phyneguy2013: i have always been a strong follower of your teachings. i don t know why u have started being so negative. i haven t! @tschumann8: i hate everything that @realdonaldtrump says does for the most part but he s a great businessman so i respect that. o.k.! @ismoke potter: @realdonaldtrump is a genius when s it comes to business thank you! @imsocelebrity: it just seems like a tweet from @realdonaldtrump will inspire the person to achieve great things. that s just my belief.wow. @dondons1383: @realdonaldtrump did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot? that is great news! @cyberpunksamuri: the best christmas present i could ever ask for is having @realdonaldtrump re-tweet me once merry christmas! @masonchampion: i think i m about to purchase art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump. great! @sir jamesm: mr @realdonaldtrump i admire your determination so much my best wishes to you and your family. thank you. remember the harder you work the luckier you get! it was 25 years ago today that pan am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people. @alexsalmond released the terrorist! @manny ottawa: @alex norcia @realdonaldtrump seems like @alexsalmond has a history of bad decision making. maybe that s the point turbines. @oneandonlyriz: @realdonaldtrump @alexsalmond way to go alex for releasing terrorists. how do you sleep at night? to the sound of death! @savingnancy: .@realdonaldtrump we raised 60k in two months for nancy and today she officially beat leukemia ! way to go nancy! @kelsey 2155: hey @realdonaldtrump you re my fav thanks. @bobobomo: @historyinpics: donald trump and mike tyson. i am going to trump national doral in miami today to check out the brand new and just opened blue monster and the spectacular driving range. with the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on especially in new york and new jersey you would be lucky to have a gun for protection. the herschel walker interview on the tim mccarver show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching. congrats to herschel and tim! @herschelwalker great interview with tim mccarver! have a fantastic christmas and new year. #hasjustinelandedyet- justine what the hell are you doing are you crazy? not nice or fair! i will support @aidforafrica. justine is fired! will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7.00 - hope you enjoy! @ludlow matthew: first time in @trumptowerny and in nyc and was one place i m glad i didn t miss! beautiful building and a must see place! @kuhteesmiff: i love donald trump. #apprenticeaddict .... @realdonaldtrump thank you so nice! @baatorkosu: @realdonaldtrump awesome thsnks! @citizenzeroland: @realdonaldtrump yo bro you rock! fo real. very cool thanks! #1. keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. #2. keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. #3. look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. @bigboblarsen i don t always agree with you but i must say you do know how to inspire... thank you. @zootmantom @realdonaldtrump love your words of wisdom. merry christmas & happy new year thanks. @tseay18 find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed. then focus and never give up! entrepreneurs: be ready for problems--you ll have them every day. keep open to new ideas--that s where innovation begins. realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you re in charge--everything starts with you. did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster. never look back just learn from your experience! sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make! always try to learn from other peoples mistakes not your own - it is much cheaper that way! @mrsdfrizzo7 good thing about trump..not a snob. a straight-arrow w street sense. appeals to the masses..a leader all can appreciate thx. @sirtyro @realdonaldtrump how do you deal with anxiety? i don t! i refuse to even think about it. be positive. @tudowz i look up to my man @realdonaldtrump for he has become one of the greatest entrepreneurs in this times history. thx. @sneal50 the best thing you win by winning usa universe is the opportunity to learn from @realdonaldtrump ..... thank you. entrepreneurs: apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. see yourself as victorious--which means never giving up. entrepreneurs: whatever happens you re responsible. if it doesn t happen you re responsible. entrepreneurs: put everything you ve got into what you re doing. be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard. i d like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very merry christmas and happy new year. i could fix existing tappan zee bridge for peanuts. unfortunately gov cuomo will end up spending more than 10b on this project. 25 tolls? push yourself again and again. don t give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. - larry bird. @lotyworks: !!!@realdonaldtrump: winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. think like a champion so true! without passion you don t have energy and without energy you don t have anything! @bayojay: @realdonaldtrump: the ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world are the ones who do. -- steve jobs. @bayojay: @realdonaldtrump: if everything seems under control you re not going fast enough. -- mario andretti. @kpelkey7: @realdonaldtrump i m not a friend nor an enemy just an admirer! merry christmas to you! you also thanks! @bayojay: @realdonaldtrump: a good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -- nelson mandela. @bayojay: @realdonaldtrump: after every setback start thinking big as soon as possible. - think big true! merry christmas have an amazing day! the new pope is a humble man very much like me which probably explains why i like him so much! i hope everybody is having a fantastic christmas! no matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out & go on to victory! o.k. christmas is over now we can all go back to the wars of life. focus focus focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory! do your homework. wasting other people s time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression. - think like a billionaire. celebrating new year s eve in the windy city? join @trumpchicago for the chic & elegant cirque soiree celebration. thank you to @amspec & jeffrey lord for the lovely article governor trump? the conservative nelson rockefeller. #tbt with barbara walters on my helicopter going somewhere. it is really too bad that the scientists studying global warming in antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold. be on time. wasting other people s time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression. - think like a champion. via @shinysheet: mar-a-lago to host top equestrian jumpers: trump invitational will benefit 90 area charities. @proudlysa as a major fan of nelson mandela and the people of south africa all of my statements are made with love. protect his legacy now. @proudlysa: thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country & invite you to visit - we will host you & show you the beauty. will be working with contractors at trump national doral in miami today. @humorinstitute: i could sleep tonight if you told me we will see @therealroseanne on celebrity apprentice before i die. she would be great. the rescue icebreaker trying to free the ship of the global warming scientists has turned back-the ice is massive a record . ironic! we should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing global warming-a total hoax! the global warming scientists don t want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-fame! we re coming up on the new year-it is really important that despite so many stupid decisions being made in washington we make it best ever. in the upcoming new year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total victory in all we do! temperature at record lows in many parts of the country. 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area. global warming folks iced in! @alefx33: nelson mandela and @realdonaldtrump two world s leaders. be tough be focused. there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you re prepared for them. ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if when hard times hit. cover your bases--know everything you can about what you re doing. keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis. congratulations to @woodyjohnson4 and @nyjets on yesterday s very exciting game. @suegriffiths19 been a bit quiet lately? told my job is at risk ny - any tips to cheer me up? be positive do your best! the more predictable the business the more valuable it is. predictability also means consistency of brand experience. - midas touch. @4clint what is key to attracting new customers.thanks the gold standard only the best for clients & customers. every time. no one remembers who came in second. - walter hagen. entrepreneurs be tough resolute & trustworthy. the most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals. what the hell is going on with global warming. the planet is freezing the ice is building and the g.w. scientists are stuck-a total con job. the con artists changed the name from global warming to climate change when global warming was no longer working and credibility was lost! spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever! bring in 2014 @trumpsoho s nye soire -- nyc s most exclusive new year s eve party w sohi & @veuveclicquot. tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book. write a good one. @bradpaisley. make sure to have fun and celebrate nye with friends and family. happy new year everyone! when it comes to money finance and even life protect the downside and the upside will take care of itself! have a happy successful and healthy new year! today is the first day of the rest of your life - make the most of it! this very expensive global warming bullshit has got to stop. our planet is freezing record low tempsand our gw scientists are stuck in ice. @screenplaywritr: @realdonaldtrump is al gore on that ship? @melemallory: @realdonaldtrump you know it s actually called climate change right? that s only because global warming wasn t working! @noahshappy: @realdonaldtrump very true comment donald i m glad we have people like you in this day and age. @rayleebates: @realdonaldtrump don for prez thank you. @ma22dogs: @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas the rooms are like condos. perfect for families. very accommodating staff. thanks! @shadetreegambla: @realdonaldtrump irony is.... imagine all the fossil fuels required to rescue that ship of idiots! @blakewebb6: safe to say that @realdonaldtrump is the biggest stud on the planet #gop #trumpforpresident. @jeffredman5: @realdonaldtrump you are the man!!! @lutherice: @realdonaldtrump ties are amazing very well made! @hunterbalthazor: @realdonaldtrump if you ran for president you got my vote. fix the country! thanks. the only forbes 5 star & 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star & 5 diamond restaurant @trumpnewyork offers elite luxury. entrepreneurs are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. keep that in mind when looking for opportunities. thinking big is the driving force that has forged all the great achievements in modern life. - think big. it s jan. 2. president obama should end his vacation early & get back to washington to straighten out the obamacare catastrophe--or end it. snowden should come back to america and face justice. instead he is begging for clemency from moscow. treat him as a spy. invincibility lies in the defence the possibility of victory in the attack. - sun tzu. i know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor.--henry david thoreau. a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. learning is a new beginning. try to develop a tempo when you re working--momentum is something you have to work at to maintain & is an important element of success. via @bloombergnews by peter millard: trump helps rio builders after olympics: corporate brazil. @fundanything has great campaigns. support one today. @trumpgolfla is the top public course in the country with magnificent pacific ocean views. welcome to the new obamacare reality doctor spent 2 hours on hold w insurance company to get approval for surgery. record snowfall & freezing temps throughout the country. where is global warming when you need it?! the future is always beginning now. - mark strand former poet laureate. @princebe: antarctic ice shelf melt lowest ever recorded global warming is not eroding it via @theregister. most of the world s great riders are at mar-a-lago today for the trump invitational one of the most important equestrian events of the year. @jorgekb @trumpdoral blue monster should be top 10 best courses this year!! amazing course layout !! thank you. @drake4444444 the only way to fix health care crisis is for you to run for pres & bring common sense back to govt thx. just hit a million on facebook-. via @timepolitics by @zekejmiller: trump to visit new hampshire. another one of my predictions just came true-- iraq is a total disaster with government losing all controlso sad. sec of state kerry said we would not go back to iraq. we shouldnt but he should not have said that. so stupid! entrepreneurs: set the example and you ll be a magnet for the right people. great leaders determine the teams they assemble. have your own vision & stick with it. don t be afraid to be unique.every day is an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. we are experiencing the coldest weather in more than two decades-most people never remember anything like this. global warming anyone? @secaucus00: @realdonaldtrump respect your tweets i listen and share with my kids thanks bob. @bobbursey: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president you ll get my vote. along with every one i know thanks so nice! @randdhenninger great quote! i m in the turf business. nj and phil. your sups and courses are top notch! thank you. @duffman263 just realised @realdonaldtrump was in home alone 2! looking dapper as always thank you. @epilepsys will you or @erictrump try to be president of the united states? you could be a great president. thanks. looking forward to hosting the @floridagop house majority 2014 golf tournament at trump int l west palm beach on jan. 27th. congratulations to @bretbaier on his five year anniversary as the anchor @specialreport. brett is great! stay confident even when something bad happens. it is just a bump in the road. it will pass. - think big. achievers move forward at all times. don t tread water. get out there and go for it. remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you re expanding your net worth. identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve study the best people in your fieldand then plan the best route for success. please @21club go back to your original menu and preparation. believe me it was much better. let me know when the change is made! while i am a critic of president obama i hate it when someone robert gates writes a self serving negative book about his boss. why didnt gates resign if he was so unhappy about what he was being told by obama? the fact is iraq etc. have always been disasters! tomorrow is the 10 year anniversary of the apprentice one of the biggest hits in television history. how time flies! @kevinrleyland: @realdonaldtrump has it been more than you ever expected? far more and far better! @nickthompsonpga: thank you @realdonaldtrump for letting me play at @trumpinternational.... the best golf course ever! we are proud of you! @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump with this cast u will have the #1 show on tv! fans are excited! can you confirm? justinthanks-will be great. we had a great year @macys with ties shirts and suits thanks! new selections just arrived - they are amazing! @paula white one of the all-time greats - a true spiritual leader and wonderful person. keep up the good fight! @theshingleguy: my family and i stayed at @trumpchicago last weekend. it was a blizzard outside but pure heaven inside! great! @katdhairstudio: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for this year. i never miss apprentice! show and cast will be amazing! @tormike: @realdonaldtrump best reality show on tv. love the challenges. @gfcfrocks: @realdonaldtrump love the apprentice!!! @ xx justme: @realdonaldtrump i d give anything for you to be our president. you have my vote and all of my families and friends too!! nice. @jeffredman5: @realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is truly a great show. great cast every season! @pertinax193: @erictrump @realdonaldtrump now let s get the course in my neighborhood at kluge on track. my membership awaits. thanks! @sundance0272: congratulations mr. trump. we have enjoyed ever season and look forward to this next season. so entertaining! thanks! @caleb2207: you should get a show on foxnews! with your brilliant & independent mind i think your show would surpass the @oreillyfactor. @willy kingston: this country s economy would be back on track if @realdonaldtrump became the next president. so true thanks! @benwiley3: @realdonaldtrump @macys my donald trump tie is my prized possession in my closet! great! @18 4 life: not only a great show but what s forgotten is the worthy causes charities being supported! great work being done. thanks! @jasongandy: @realdonaldtrump donald why the hell don t you run for president. business genius unlike @barackobama. #2016. @raj tut: i m 22... my company @tutandtut owns 6 million worth of multi-family properties... i started because of you... any advice? great. @18 4 life: @realdonaldtrump @caleb2207 you should get a job at 1600 pennsylvania ave! @rhino848484: @realdonaldtrump where would nbc be without the apprentice? you make the tv network mr. trump. @pietiev: @realdonaldtrump happy new year mr. trump. who was your role model before you became successful? my father fred trump. @patketley: birthdays are special and a retweet from @realdonaldtrump would make it even more special happy birthday! @iandyolson: @realdonaldtrump: @raj tut: im 22 i own my company @tutandtut i started because of you any advice? give me 10 kidding. @maomaothecat: @realdonaldtrump can t sleep thinking about the new celeb apprentice!!! @intheelections: see i told you god wanted you to be president he s had me praying for you about it y many years. .wow so nice! @debragarrett: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday to one of my most admired men!!! like a fine wine mr. trump have a great birthday! thanks! @sloat24: @realdonaldtrump i can vote now and i expect to be voting for #trump2016 thank you! @herr barclay: got to love the monday segments by @realdonaldtrump on fox & friends. never miss it. it s not monday but worth a mention! @lindsey derek: out of all the famous people on twitter the only one i see tweet regular people is @realdonaldtrump! #greatguy. @prezbridgette: @realdonaldtrump thank you for inspiring this world. no thank you! @battleface2face: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote donald your the only 1 that can save us from this economy #trump2016. @tylerthurston: happy birthday @realdonaldtrump i always look forward to reading your advice. .great! @1hotninja: @realdonaldtrump please run for president it would be my dream come true. no better person to run u.s.a. the news about our beautiful miss venezuela monica spear is devastating to all who knew her. a spectacular woman she will be missed. offshore wind is a dead duck in scotland and its time alex salmond manned up stopped blaming westminster cont. thanks everybody for the happy birthday greetings but its actually the 10th birthday of the apprentice. my birthday is june 14th.... via @foxnewslatino: donald trump plans huge towers in rio for post-olympic building boom. one of the world s tallest buildings @trumpchicago is not only a 5 star hotel but has 5 star dining options. the trump organization continues to expand internationally at a record pace. many new announcements to come soon. #tbt with darrell hammond when i hosted snl. its thursday. how many people have lost their healthcare today? @kenttucker planning a golf trip to scotland aug 2015 - should we plan on playing trump int l?? yes it is the best. @discoboy7 salmond is on a one man crusade to destroya brilliant union & his u turn on your investment is a disgrace! thx. @l100ran agree! the best thing @alexsalmond can do is start telling the truth and nothing but the truth! @tinaclean @realdonaldtrump when is your vancouver bc hotel going to be finished? 18 months. @elspryte @realdonaldtrump fantastic point of view 95 of uk would agree with you there @alexsalmond. @brad4634 a beautiful addition to my city s skyline and great dining!! thanks for making chicago more beautiful than ever!! thank you. @circleofdocs @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago we love the trump chicago. great place to live and visit. thank you. @princeomega @zagatchicago @realdonaldtrump @sixteenchicago bravo!!! thank you. @trumpchicago. @skyblue2050 @realdonaldtrump the apprentice is a great show! never tired watching it! thank you. xx justme i still can t believe donald trump responded to my tweet. respect #trump2016 he would be the best pres for this country. thx. be tough be smart be personable but don t take things personally. that s good business. focus on your goals not your problems. problems are a mind exercise--learn to play beyond your comfort zone. @billdmeyer1971: @gretawire @realdonaldtrump @foxnews we need him as governor... this state is a mess..... the brand new blue monster just opened at trump national doral - miami. also great new driving range which is open till midnight. go see! president obama just fired the obamacare website builder. my question is why were they hired in the first place? sue them for damages! now that the obamacare website contractor has been terminated for obvious incompetence is the person who hired them going to be fired? in politics and sometimes in life friends come and go but enemies accumulate! @emanuelcenerini: @realdonaldtrump i think americans know that you would be a great president..no possibility for the others thanks! @g0d : @realdonaldtrump when will we have another president like reagan? #trump2016. @jenylyn23: @realdonaldtrump what would be your first action as president? to end obamacare! @chrisexpress5: only @realdonaldtrump could help this country out of the hole it s in. #trump2016. @stephencranford: @realdonaldtrump that s awesome! #trump4president #trump2016. @darlenemichele: @realdonaldtrump @g0d u would definitely be our best looking president ever : thank you very nice! @g0d : @realshanehiles @realdonaldtrump until @realdonaldtrump a proven job creator & inspiration for the common man. @elizabethtrivis: @realdonaldtrump @g0d you will get my vote thanks! whether you like obama or not bob gates turned out to be one disloyal dude! personally i hate rats. @ivankatrump: .@golfdigestmag predicts that @realdonaldtrump is golf s greatest builder today. #bluemonster #aberdeen #ferrypoint. i will be doing fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. will be discussing all sorts of current disasters! @rghilinoclu: i bought a couple beautiful @realdonaldtrump ties at @macys today. guaranteed to look sharp this week. @heelsofsteelah: @realdonaldtrump please be our next president!!!!! we will all vote for you!!!!!! @gjcream: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being a strait shooter. you are an inspiration to all of us young business owners. thank you! the republican party of new york has been conditioned to lose and there is no excuse for this. leadership must move fast and decisively! @carminevalenti: @realdonaldtrump please run for presidenteveryone will vote for you.oh yeah and buy the mets they ll be 162-0 every year. @rodstowell73 they are all afraid to use it because they know what will happen - thanks! @sunflowers362: @realdonaldtrump i have been reviewing my options for this #obamacare it has me with #sleepless #nights. i m worried! after watching all about the horror story that is a-rod i realized again that it is time to let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame! will be doing fox & friends in a few minutes - hope you enjoy! @nsatte: @realdonaldtrump i m a big fan. we just got a trump mattress and it s great like i knew your brand would be. from serta! @calipaulmichael @realdonaldtrump do you love interacting with fans as much as we do with you?? yes. @vijaychopra7 u are one of the most gifted personalities today. keep rocking the world with ur ingenious thoughts thank you. @helena torry i consider myself too perfect and have no faults. @jglenstevens no we need a great businessman. @jjprl @trumpdoral what an amazing spot. donald trump & his team have done an incredible job. go see for yourself thx. @betterhermann @caleb2207 @oreillyfactor i think a show on fox w donald trump would be something to look forward to. agree. @ejfriday @realdonaldtrump wow donaldtrump for pres...america prepare for exceptional greatness. cheers thanks. @arekrnbn just finished another great trump book one more to go @realdonaldtrump great! @flushinghearing @realdonaldtrump looking forward to hearing you speak at the starkey expo on thursday 10 am las vegas great! @karatemomccm you are an inspiration and i admire your honesty perseverance and business sense. thank you. @pierpaolomonni @realdonaldtrump @arekrnbn definitely a great book! think like a champion to be a champion! thanks. anticipate change and embrace it. recognize new developments that you can capitalize on and use to open new doors. understand that difficulties mistakes & setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life. don t allow them to knock you off your feet. focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. do what s necessary and what s unnecessary will be made clear. best speech in #goldenglobes history-. @d cash honey: @realdonaldtrump i get my inspiration for what i do everyday from you. so nice thanks! yankees should have dropped a-rod long ago not even bothered with arbitration. they would have saved a fortune! @pruett jason: @realdonaldtrump would be honored to get a follow from the greatest businessman ever!!! #followtheleader. @michaelrcaputo: catch @realdonaldtrump on fred dicker s @talk1300 radio show tuesday at 10am re: the governor s race. listen live:. @dave brown : if @realdonaldtrump runs for president he has my vote thanks! @ cnolan: we need someone like or @realdonaldtrump himself for president in 2016! thank you! @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump only you know the truth donald!!! please run for president only you can save the #usa. @robsine: wearing my @realdonaldtrump tie today. gonna be a great day. #confidence #wishihadfiveofthem great! @twerkmlley: @realdonaldtrump @robsine did you know your picture is on here?! you were so cute omg! @bobsmit98038199: @realdonaldtrump where can i get these ties ? @macys and trump tower. @carolyngoltman it s my birthday and what a wonderful gift if i could get a retweet from such an inspirational man :- happy birthday. @cmo626 long time admirer. want to buy one of your books for a friend. any suggestions? the art of the deal is a good start. resilience is part of the survival of the fittest formula--make sure you remain adaptable. #1 for success: find out what you love to do. trust yourself enough to find out what is best for you and what you re best at doing... for great success you need passion but make sure it s well directed. learn everything you can about what you re doing. be an expert. think positively. zap negativity immediately. focus on the solution not the problem. be persistent and alert--every single day. momentum! @apprenticenbc: sending warm wishes to our dear friend @hollyrpeete on her birthday today! happy birthday holly! @newyorkgop new york republicans must change from a culture of losing to a culture of winning - and fast. this is your last decent shot! @kclivegreen: @realdonaldtrump thanks for the positive words of wisdom! @jennamstrachota: @realdonaldtrump always inspiring me to be my personal best! i appreciate it. @tinapiper: @realdonaldtrump so ready for another #celebrityapprentice i love love that show! @caleb2207: @realdonaldtrump my family is going to hawaii & i told them to go to @trumpwaikiki i told them that yours are the best! @haventravel: @realdonaldtrump you inspired me to be my own boss and start my own small business. @preachpalerider: begged you 3 years ago to run for pres....2016 is america s last shot before descent into darkness...consider it now. @dintres: @realdonaldtrump we need a real businessman to run this country someone to make money we are not a charity nation! so true! @michele wv: @realdonaldtrump please run for president and straighten things out. there is plenty to straighten out! @ryleyrlynn: @realdonaldtrump please run for president mr. trump! the country needs fixing and you re the best man for the job! thank you. @str8thinker: as president @realdonaldtrump would surround himself with great people. .. no more mediocrity true! @arqpallares: finallypunta del este will have its own trump tower! missed @ivankatrump this year and hope to see you in the opening! @mustbeat 15: i ll be just like you one day @realdonaldtrump you can do better than that! @solomondodson: @realdonaldtrump someone as smart as you should seriously run for president!!! thank you! watching gates on @seanhannity - looks like he got hit by a truck! why didn t obama get him and othersto sign a confidentiality agreement? @johnnyb23390: @realdonaldtrump - the only confidentiality agreement he signed was for his real birth certificate. keep up the great work! @ichicagoscott: @realdonaldtrump how would you describe @trumpchicago in one word? magnificent! @markmizzousteel: @realdonaldtrump @ichicagoscott @trumpchicago trust me i have stayed there a few times for work and it is fantastic! @jacksbeach: @realdonaldtrump @jeffredman5 trump s a strong leader. letterman is a weak passive insecure person. thanks but he is good! @joannakirshner: enjoying my stay at the beautiful @trumppanama. thanks @realdonaldtrump for bringing trump to panama! i love that hotel! @michaelsteele: can t wait 4 trumpdc rt @realdonaldtrump: @ichicagoscott: thanks michael it will be the best - keep up the great work! @robmotmotcally: @realdonaldtrump good day mr trump any updates on ur golf course in aberdeen ?? #scotland record business! @jerseyshoelace: i have an internal debate on whether or not to unfollow @realdonaldtrump on a daily basis you can t live without it! @rdpomin: @realdonaldtrump trump needs his own late night show! @dustinjm19: @realdonaldtrump a retweet today a new tie purchase from macy s tomorrow. @spencegarcia805: @realdonaldtrump is the man!! huge inspiration thanks! @newyorkgop the ed cox letter to republicans which is being so badly ridiculed by the press should never have been written. weakness-sad! a-rods lawsuit trying to overturn a binding arbitration agreement is going nowhere. he should be banned from spring training. @osamabinballinn: out of all the celebrities @realdonaldtrump is the only one that speaks the truth. we need more leaders like him! @1jeffhensley i m a yankee fan & i agree whole heartedly. he aint worth it never was . trump 2016! great thx. @akers joshua i ve read 3 books from @realdonaldtrump & the best advice is in all three. do something you re passionate about. great. @tonyge0101 @realdonaldtrump why don t you buy your own team? you ll be the best owner ever! thanks. @wlynton it s my 30th b day today and a reply from you would be the best gift ever? happy birthday. gabriel shermans book on roger ailes is filled with falsehoods and inaccuracies. publisher should be ashamed and sued . the senate should immediately vote on the iranian sanctions bill. what is the delay? iran is already breaking its agreement with obama. where is the progress in the state of new york over the last three years? there is none--only backwards. winning takes talent to repeat takes character. - john wooden. i would like to thank a great writer and person @jpappaspr. of real estate weekly for the wonderful story on me. very much appreciated! @tedbishop38pga thanks ted see you at the show! i hope we never find life on another planet because if we do there s no doubt that the united states will start sending them money! department of homeland security has spent 3.5 billion dollars building their new headquarters and is years late and billions over budget! to be a winner think like a winner. practice positive thinking--with reality checks. hope you enjoy the story in the highly respected real estate weekly. terrible story on front page of nytimes about lightweight @agschneiderman does eric wear eyeliner? lightweight @agschneiderman is fighting with @nygovcuomo cuomo wins that one easily. schneiderman is a total loser. great article by @amspec s jeffrey lord: the reagan revolution. and now the @realdonaldtrump revolution? looking forward to being hosted by @saintanselm for politics & eggs next tuesday. see you in manchester! #nhpolitics. @breitbartnews continues to push the limits on political and investigative reporting! andrews legacy lives on. senate concludes benghazi could have been prevented. @newyorkgop leader ed coxs record is abysmal--no victories. hopefully he can turn things around. talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - michael jordan. trust your instincts. they are there for a reason. without instincts you ll have a hard time getting to--and staying at--the top. to get momentum you must first focus on a specific goal with passion and intensity. @edwardfcox and @robastorino who i like are intent on another new york state suicide mission. they ve got to get their act together! wow just heard that that next tuesdays @saintanselm politics & eggs is the largest crowd ever. looking forward to making new friends. rising over bay street @trumpto brings opulent luxury along with our famous world-class amenities to the queen city. to be really successful it is always good to have a cool head warm heart and beautiful common touch! @lacroixroxane: @realdonaldtrump i believe you as all your children are poised respectful and genuine. good job : thanks roxane! @pearlingjosh: you are a big inspiration to me mr.trump. i m 24ugandan.when i make iti will call my first business in d.j.trump we trust. @rcarlc: @realdonaldtrump amen. youre an american #hero thank you so much! @arabinkid88: @realdonaldtrump true inspiration to many people including myself #striveforgreatness. @akers joshua: @pearlingjosh absolutely amazing. still not sure about running for pres. mr. trump?? lol the world loves you. thanks! @diamondman23: @realdonaldtrump this guy has got good stuff your the man trump 130am and i m up reading your book. @melaniatrump: #tbt #throwbackthursday. @tonywelch007: @realdonaldtrump trump national@doral will be a very special pga event 2014. @jakematt1999: in all honesty if @realdonaldtrump would enter into politics i d be his number 1 supporter even though i m in liberal #nc. @istoddisgood: @realdonaldtrump even in australia you re an inspiration! thanks! @hartataq81: @realdonaldtrump @arabinkid88 when you going to be our new potus only time will tell - thanks! @allen1328: @realdonaldtrump next president of the u.s. @jlsmoothh: @realdonaldtrump run for president please. @toddthomson12: is there enough room for @rsherman 25 and @realdonaldtrump egos in nyc at the same time? yes! @sendrajeremy: can only try to be as successful as the @realdonaldtrump #getkatapulted work hard! @badash78: @realdonaldtrump @toddthomson12 @rsherman 25 sherman has great respect for you mr. trump. @jeffredman5: @realdonaldtrump #trump4prez thank you! @chadsheridan: i m inspired by people all the time. people like my parents grandparents and yes @realdonaldtrump the guy is smart. @benlouix: @realdonaldtrump you are the most influential man in the world. and @rsherman 25 is a close second after tonight s game. @realmaky: i really look up to @realdonaldtrump his work ethic is great! continuing to work hard and to work smart. @mckprk: @realdonaldtrump is my inspiration to be great work hard and smart! @jesale84: @realdonaldtrump if you were president mr.trump what would you do to change the direction this country is going in? many things. @bbeltku: named my first born son after @realdonaldtrump hope he lives up to the name! he will be a total winner! @gunbunintheoven: .@realdonaldtrump youre a god damned genius trump i agree thanks! fox & friends at 7.00. @scotlandgolf1 trump int l is one of the best golf courses i have ever played & that is saying something true thx. movie producer harvey weinstein who lost his company to colony capital is against guns but makes movies w major gun violence--really! @brianerbland @realdonaldtrump is the best choice for ny it s time for a real leader in ny again. #nygop thanks. wwii vs. now! during the 3 1 2 years of world war ii that started with the japanese bombing of pearl harbor cont. whether you think you can or think you can t--you re right. henry ford. people often ask me the secret to my success and the answer is simple: passion focus and hard work. momentum keeps it all going. excited for tomorrows politics & eggs @saintanselm co-hosted by @necouncil & @nhiop. live stream here. hope & change! china now controls a record number of our debt. you re never a loser until you quit trying. - mike ditka. @la reid: i like thinking big. if youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big. -donald trump #beepic. @jjprl: just left @trumpdoral what an amazing spot. @realdonaldtrump and his team have done an incredible job. go see for yourself #doral. learning to expect problems saved me from a lot of wasted energy. winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. happy anniversary to my wonderful wife @melaniatrump -- a truly great decision by me! @asenaphotograph today is my 61st birthday .the best gift i could receive is a retweet from you. supporting you in 2016 happy birthday. set high standards and meet them. the proof is in the doing: learn by doing and taking risks. will be leaving palm beach for the 11 a.m. ceremony opening the magnificent gary player villa at trump nationak doral miami. gary is great! great @unionleader piece by @jdistaso on my visit to @saintanselm for @necouncil & @nhiop politics & eggs. you never know when the tide is going to turn in your favor. it s important to never give up on yourself. -- think like a champion. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. albert einstein. honored to be named as one of businesss top leaders icons and rebels by @cnbc vote trump! great day yesterday at @trumpdoral unveiling the new gary player villa gary is a champion and a great guy. 90 stories over midtown new york trump world towers glass curtain wall is a true landmark. for all of those who have been asking a big cast announcement coming soon for @apprenticenbc! via wsj. wake up @alexsalmond before you destroy scotland. @david cameron @aberdeencc @pressjournal. when times are difficult you must be even more focused. thats when you will find profitable opportunities. have the right mindset for the job. see your work as an art form--which means paying attention to every detail. @tonywelch007: @realdonaldtrump it all starts at@trump doral !! the best in all of the world will face the test of the newbluemonster! @nandigold13: @realdonaldtrump thanks for all the inspirational tweets ..i like to.learn from the best thank you! nbc news just called it the great freeze - coldest weather in years. is our country still spending money on the global warming hoax? @dawson stock: don t forget. global warming can also mean earth is getting colder! that way they cover both sides of the fence! any and all weather events are used by the global warming hoaxsters to justify higher taxes to save our planet! they don t believe it ! do you really believe our once great country can continue to survive with incompetent leadership. the answer is no and we better move fast! @betterhermann: @realdonaldtrump what s obvious to you seems to elude most people s vision. will be on fox & friends at 7.00 - enjoy! @kwrcrow: @realdonaldtrump tell it like it is sir. don t pull any punches. keep up the good work. i will thanks! afghanistan s so called leader karzai is toying with the u.s. give your goals substance. imbue them with a value that exceeds the monetary. make them count on as many levels as you can. passion gives great momentum and can be the catalyst for great achievement. for entrepreneurs ignorance is not bliss. it s fatal. it s costly. and it s for losers. you either get organized or get crushed. everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.-- thomas a. edison. apple s iphone sales fell way short-they must go to a larger screen as alternative fast as i said long ago ! samsung s size much better. i predicted apple s stock fall based on their dumb refusal to give the option of a larger iphone screen like samsung. i sold my apple stock. @langwillar: @realdonaldtrump when? if it was before today you re good. if you sold it today not that good... i sold it last week! @hmunjal: @realdonaldtrump when will you come to my home-country india to see the progress of trump towers in pune? very soon! steve jobs is spinning in his grave - apple has lost both vision and momentum - must move fast to get magic back! how much is new york state spending on that obnoxious t.v. commercial that is being played endlessly for a tax incentive that doesn t work? it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein. creativity and control can go hand in hand. brainpower is the ultimate leverage. being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art.making money is art & working is art & good business is the best art. a. warhol. snowing in texas and louisiana record setting freezing temperatures throughout the country and beyond. global warming is an expensive hoax! @peyton2419: can t wait until 2016 when dt is potus. so that i can stop listening to problems with our economy in the state of the union. the weather has been so cold for so long that the global warming hoaxsters were forced to change the name to climate change to keep flow! give me clean beautiful and healthy air - not the same old climate change global warming bullshit! i am tired of hearing this nonsense. i will be on the mike & mike show on radio and espn-at about 6 to 7 a.m. we will be talking super bowl and sports-no obama care! mike & mike in one minute! it was great being on @mikeandmike in the morning espn two great guys fantastic show! the @cadillacchamp returns to @trumpdoral on march 6th watch top golfers of the world battle the blue monster! thanks to everyone for your support on @cnbcs top leaders icons and rebels vv thanks for voting trump! welcome to the new reality! moodys just downgraded the entire us health insurance industry because of obamacare. now the un is attacking @redskins franchise with all the world s problems is this really a top priority? always leave your ego at the door during negotiations. remember its only business and there will always be another day! the cheapest natural gas in the world is in the united states. - @boonepickens. just received a wonderful letter from a new father who bought his son his first book the art of the deal. great parent! wow honored to just pass 2.5m followers on @twitter. thanks to all my followers. we are going to have a great year together. if you can t say great things about yourself who do you think will? - think like a champion. once obamacare is fully enacted in ny conveniently after 2014 expect higher premiums bigger deductibles & worse care. job killer! patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it. - mark twain. with @ivankatrump and @erictrump at the opening of the @garyplayer villa at @trumpdoral-. press conference at the opening of the @garyplayer villa at @trumpdoral . failing comedian bill maher who i got an accidental glimpse of the other night is really a dumb guy just look at his past! @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump timeless classic. so nice! @gropperblotter:i ve been listening to @espngreeny & @espngolic for years.the @realdonaldtrump interview today is an all-timer sensational. @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump success rule-surround yourself w successful people. do it with twitter. follow trump success. @ou sg: @realdonaldtrump please mr.trump america needs someone like you to help our country. trump 2016 for president. thank you! @vicki cedeno: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president? that would be so awesome! nice! @sherrymcmurry: @realdonaldtrump .....may be the only person on the planet that can beat hillary. remember when comedian bill maher openly praised the disgusting terrorists who destroyed the world trade center-then got canned by abc? @desheay: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president 2016. a new era of prosperity for all...... true and it would be easy! with one of the worst and most prolonged cold spells in history with atlanta texas and parts of florida freezing- global warming anyone? @acebuey: @realdonaldtrump sadly hbo had no morals and gave that garbage another show @billmaher boycott hbo! @caleb2207: @realdonaldtrump is our future. only he can turn our country around. #trump2016. excited to announce trump rio de janeiro our first south american @trumpcollection hotel set to open in 2016. obama said in his sotu that global warming is a fact. sure about as factual as if you like your healthcare you can keep it. the ny safe act is an unconstitutional attack on 2nd amendment rights. will also increase crime. are republicans suicidal? now they want to push amnesty through congress. allowing democrats into the country. success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. think like a billionaire. @robertfritz308 @realdonaldtrump can u please wish me a happy birthday! i m a big fan! thank you. happy birthday. design your business from the start so that it is leverageable expandable predictable and financeable. midas touch. .@iamstevent stopped by my office to say hello- a great guy! for what is the best choice for each individual is the highest it is possible for him to achieve. -- aristotle. via @breitbartnews by mboyle1: exclusive - donald trump confirmed to speak at #cpac2014 @acuconservative @cpacnews. raffaele sollecito was unfairly convicted. he didnt kill anyone. the italian government should be ashamed. @raffasolaries. looking forward to being hosted by @nicklangworthys erie county lincoln leadership reception tonight. record crowd! can t wait. @idollylenz right on! success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. thanks dolly! @danrothweil donald wins again with the best brain break tweet aristotle quote . thanks and back to work. thank you. @mattj4226 my day was made when i read that you will be speaking at my first #cpac! i hope you like it! article from the street--the donald s trump card: himself. @wealthyjack @realdonaldtrump true. i read it - great book mr. trump. thanks. @jtatsuno @realdonaldtrump mr. trump it s commendable that you have over 2.5 million follows.... thank you. @bagomaan 87 never learned so much from one book you are a capital genius and people are just ignorant. thx. wow--tremendous victory in the trump university case against lightweight @agschneiderman--just got the news! for information on trump university victory call alan garten esquire at 212.836.3203 or jeff goldman esquire at 212.867.4466. lightweight @agschneiderman just got his ass kicked by trump! to jamie dimoni love kicking lightweight @agschneidermans ass. stop settling and fight! @obrienmurray let s hope the press covers the loss for @agschneiderman as they did the false charges! thanks. @godfatha702 @agschneiderman let s see if msm reports it w the same fervor they used when they reported the allegation. thanks. @kevinweatherbee --tremendous victory in trump university case vs. lightweight @agschneiderman--just got the news! saw this coming thx. the unforgivable crime is soft hitting. do not hit at all if it can be avoided but never hit softly. - theodore roosevelt. court finds in favor of trump university. @linclonone congrats on your win. never considered you would not win enjoy you every monday on fox thank you. go to the website for the judge s full decision re trump university:. @aladesurua: i am now a big believer in @realdonaldtrump think big strategies.... @realkeithpatton: congratulations @realdonaldtrump on your legal victory. thanks! @bhughes657: i wonder if nbc will have #rachelmaddow interview donald trump before the olympics? would get great ratings! @laurd123: oh hey i saw bill o reilly at a mets game once with donald trump @oreillyfactor will do great today with interview of o! @trumpcollection: a great time was had by all at @trumpdoral s gary player villa opening. enjoy the super bowl! this may be the worst football game ever played by one team denver! hard to watch. i can t get over after all of the buildup what a terrible game that was-the worst super bowl in history. the advertisers must be furious! @gfeorg: @realdonaldtrump president obama should visit macy s and buy some beautiful trump silk ties. via @miamiherald: @ivankatrump talks family and business. the @broncos had a truly bad day--my advice is to go home forget about it and come back tough next year. watch commodity prices soar because of the freezing cold. will be bad for the economy. we could use some global warming. the @pgatour comes to miami on march 6th when the @cadillacchamp returns to @trumpdoral see you there! the president of the u.s. is the leader of the free world. he should dress like it at all times. wear a suit and a tie for major interviews. chance favors the prepared mind. -- louis pasteur. rio de janeiro joins the @trumpcollection in 2016. its going to be a spectacular hotel! wind energy is a complete economic disaster. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @david cameron @aberdeenshire @scotparl. our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.--thomas a. edison. experience knowledge and prescience are a formidable combination of powers. do not underestimate them. - think like a champion. in 2016 the old post office will be fully transformed into an iconic destination trump int l washington dc. @wineenthusiasts highest rated wine in va @trumpwinery uses gentle techniques to produce quality wines. congrats to pres.obama and dems. cbo has tripled its estimate of working hours lost due to obamacare job killer. cbo estimates over 2.3m jobs will be lost due to obamacare elections have consequences. congress should be worried about american workers not people who came into our country by breaking our laws. realize that an entrepreneur s most important gift to the world is jobs security and well-being for others. - midas touch. massive record setting snowstorm and freezing temperatures in u.s. smart that global warming hoaxsters changed name to climate change! when will our country stop wasting money on global warming and so many other truly stupid things and begin to focus on lower taxes? wow just in - obamacare projected to cause large scale drop in jobs - even dems are shocked by 2.5 million number. disaster! the blue monster golf course officially opens tomorrow at trump national doral with a ribbon cutting ceremony. great course great reviews! an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin. innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- steve jobs. just be tough be strong be willing to learn and you will learn. dont be afraid of mistakes or setbacks. think like a champion. negotiation: it is persuasion more than power. never allow your attitude to be a liability. be positive and strong. set your mind on winning-- and keep it there. how does frumpy & little read @nytimes editorial writer gail collins keep her job? she is totally irrelevant! @nytimescollins. remember that things are cyclical so be resilient be patient be creative and remain positive. - think like a champion. 46 stories above downtown new york @trumpsoho features loft-inspired interiors designed by fendi casa. via @golfweekmag by @bkleingolfweek: donald trump reopens doral s blue monster. @wesleycooler3 but nobody asked-a great school! i ve been saying for three months that the bridge tolls to staten island are far too high and unfair-just got lowered but not nearly enough. doing fox & friends at 7.00 a.m. enjoy! @k swisher69 thanks kasey! @dualheadedeagle true and thanks! @golfswingshirt: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to playing trump national la on tuesday with padraig harrington ! say hi to padraig! @mega1123: @realdonaldtrump please mr. trump put @derekhough on your show #celebapprentice? he would do great! @ann eads: @realdonaldtrump i agree with you about how people are mocking russia and their efforts. only going to hurt us in long run. anytime you see someone talking about celebrity weight loss on my twitter it is a total scam! @nabalab: @realdonaldtrump with wrestlemania coming up any chance of renewing your rivalry with @vincemcmahon? #yourefired ask vince! governor cuomo only cut the verrazano bridge tolls because i made it a major point in speeches. i love the people of staten island! destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business - so give it a chance to work. - think like a champion. w views of nyc s skyline trump stamford is connecticuts most luxurious high rise featuring trump amenities. remember to keep going: if you stop your momentum will stop. think big. great purchase in ireland--- will be a top spot! looking forward to addressing the record setting crowd tonight at the new york county lincoln day dinner. lots to talk about! trump s championship #bluemonster course opens to rave reviews via @sacbee news. the people of ireland have been so great about my purchase of doonbeg -- i ll be there soon. @lodgeatdoonbeg. my sons don and eric are right now at doonbeg in ireland. there will be nothing like it! trump lays out big plans for doonbeg resort: billionaire says investment shows irelands economy recovering. make it special! no better place to celebrate st. patrick s day in the windy city than @trumpchicago. if obamacare is such a wonderful law then why does obama summarily change the law before an election? don t sell yourself short on something that is important. today is just the beginning. -- think like a champion. if we did all the things we are capable of we would literally astound ourselves. -- thomas a. edison. always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln. my sons don and eric are in ireland looking at my new club. it will be phenomenal! @lodgeatdoonbeg. if scotland doesnt stop insane policy of obsolete bird killing wind turbines country will be destroyed. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc. great making keynote speech at 2014 lincoln day dinner hosted by dan isaacs & ny republican county committee. wonderful people! our clubhouse facility & suites in ireland @lodgeatdoonbeg #trumpireland. a big part of the country even the southern states is under massive attack from snow and freezing cold. global warming anyone? give your goals substance -- make them count on as many levels as you can. remember that passion can be the catalyst for great achievement. @danscavino thanks dan. @mandreinahp you re one of my idols from age 15 i read your books at 18 i started my company. thanks great! @t sharp4: donald trump would be the most ideal president thank you! @mbmirish: @realdonaldtrump congrats on your purchase in ireland. how do i apply to work there? write to manager joseph - good luck! @pierpaolomonni: i definitely agree with @t sharp4! @realdonaldtrump really hope you will run for president! thank you! @augustleo14: @realdonaldtrump @t sharp4 i totally agree! the brain the don has is so inspiring! i ve loved him for years! thanks! do you believe the way karzai talks down to the united states - zero respect! @sheridanbetts: can t wait for #cpac because of @realdonaldtrump. i look forward to it also. @richardson1232: @realdonaldtrump is my role model. one of the best americans out there. thank you mike. @lkoja: excited for #cpac @realdonaldtrump true inspiration to many americans thank you. @robertundefined: @realdonaldtrump is the real deal he is the man! thanks! @stewart5337: hi don t know why it took me so long to follow you.welcome to ireland looking forward to visit your new golf club. my new club on the atlantic ocean in ireland will soon be one of the best in the world - and no-one will be looking into ugly wind turbines! the irish government is too smart to destroy their beautiful coastline w bird-killing ugly wind turbines. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc. @datadamguy @realdonaldtrump @trumpsoho hotel looks great can t wait to build something just as epic good luck! i hope that derek jeter has such a fantastic year with @yankees that he changes his mind about retiring. great guy! @dasboot96 scotland s loss for being short sighted. wish you every success with the new club. thank you. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc. @jakejuliot @realdonaldtrump when will we know the cast for the next season of #celebrityapprentice? very soon. @therealtmac11 @trumpsoho my wife and i stayed there and not only is the hotel beautiful but the service is outstanding. thank you. @reexaminelife monday i lectured 2 college students that what makes u so successful is you always exceed your customers expectations thx. @longetterer: donald trump is paid 1.5 million per hr of every speaking engagement. @richtweett @realdonaldtrump please do the same thing for the whitestone bridge! thanks donald trump! i will try! @trumpdoral s #bluemonster looks fantastic. great time at the grand opening now looking forward to the @cadillacchamp. @waapples: @realdonaldtrump valentine s day and wife s 40th @trumpchicago this weekend!! great. @joandkev8: @realdonaldtrump what the date of celebrity apprentice i m excited to see it start shooting in 3 weeks. @brianfinn96: @realdonaldtrump will you be coming to doonbeg ?? yes very soon. i never did a day s work in my life. it was all fun. -- thomas a. edison. set the bar high--do the best you possibly can. be focused disciplined and alert every single day. @faizermiami: @realdonaldtrump best advice from the best leader. @drewmadeoff: rt @realdonaldtrump: i never did a day s work in my #life. it was all #fun. -- thomas a. edison. a dishonest slob of a reporter who doesn t understand my sarcasm when talking about him or his wife wrote a foolish & boring trump hit. @markadamsbball: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. - donald trump #passion. @youngsinatra: donald trump is still my favorite mac miller track mac has certainly done well with me! how many hits now on twitter? the brand new blue monster golf course at trump national doral is doing fantastic business. also the new driving range is open at night! @lodgeatdoonbeg one of the great places on the planet and will only get better now that i own it and will be investing large sums in it! @adamedinburg: @realdonaldtrump was watching home alone 2 with my son and you look the exact same! can i get a rt?? @enviroclean519 @trumpchicago my wife and i stayed there for our anniversary.beautiful placeamazed that all the staff remembered our name. @minlarrycornel: @realdonaldtrump @trumpdoral spectacular! please keep up the good work @minlarrycornel thank you. @mckaycoppins is a failed and dishonest reporter who refuses to mention the sarcasm in my voice when referring to him or irrelevant buzzfeed. how come discredited reporter @mckaycoppins refused to write that the events in new hampshire buffalo and n.y. were all record breakers! @fitbafan: @neaver82 @realdonaldtrump the majority of people near the course fully support it. problem is a vocal minority scotland . @helscahill: @realdonaldtrump congrats on adding the beautiful west of ireland to your golf club portfolio. you have lifted the country! @bushpiggy: @realdonaldtrump jealous you got a magnificant course like doonbeg on the most beautiful island in the world. fact. i never equated wind farms to the pan am lockerbie disaster - only stated that @alexsalmond should never have released the terrorist - bad! @scotgov: scotland could be on the verge of a new generation of hydro power now this would be great! @loveandgarbage never said it a total misquote. @chrismashimbyi: the art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump is one of the greatest books ever! thank you! @rm61307: donald j. trump @realdonaldtrump @govchristie if mr.trump will not run in 16 christie is the answer. no b s no bowing! @kathyshirer: your country needs you donald trump your about the only one in the world that can get us out of debt! thank you! due to the holiday i will not be doing fox & friends this morning. next monday at 7. don t let the global warming wiseguys get away with changing the name to climate change because the facts do not let gw tag to work anymore! @tahanna: @realdonaldtrump hope one day we ll be honoring you on presidents day. so nice! do you believe this one - secretary of state john kerry just stated that the most dangerous weapon of all today is climate change. laughable. do you think john kerry is aware of the fact that they are building nuclear weapons in iran and north korea and pakistan already has them!! it s not climate changeit s global warming.don t let the dollar sucking wiseguys change names midstream because the first name didn t work. @sharonsmurfit: @realdonaldtrump: great purchase in ireland--- will be a top spot! welcome! thank you sharon! @michael ksc: @realdonaldtrump @thedropkicks whether global warming or climate change. the fact is we didn t cause it. we cannot change it. a legitimate article about me... thank you jeffrey lord for the great article discrediting third rate @buzzfeed site & slimebag reporter mckay coppins.@piersmorgan @amspec. bloggers like mckay coppins & @buzzfeed are true garbage with no credibility. record setting crowds & speech not reported. @piersmorgan. coming together is a beginning keeping together is progress working together is success. -- henry ford. amazing story in @breitbartnews about the sleazebag blogger coppins who fabricated nonsense about me for irrelevant @buzzfeed. congrats! ben smith is that really his last name? of @buzzfeed is a total mess who probably got his minion coppins to do what he didn t want to do? @spinningdisk: @realdonaldtrump ignore them mr. trump. don t waste your time. sounds like a personal problem for them. losers! @fastercarrrrrrr: @realdonaldtrump why are you not running for president in 2016 we ll see what happens! @rcoldwellbanker: i wear a suit everyday to be professional but i top it off with a #trumptie to say i m on top of my game and successful. i wonder how much money dumb @buzzfeed and even dumber ben smith loooose each year? they have zero credibility - totally irrelevant and sad! @amarudacosta: sadly @realdonaldtrump was correct about south africa - the level of violence is irrepressible. @iamebbot: @realdonaldtrump jesus would be so proud of you donald... @amspec: in aiming at #trump #buzzfeed shot its own credibility. @realdonaldtrump @marklevinshow thanks jeffrey l. @amspec did a great job of destroying the little remaining credibility of @buzzfeed and the very dumb ben smith. @samraj25: @realdonaldtrump i just saw that many indians have mr.trump as their role model and all the libraries had trump books!!super. @nospin 43: @realdonaldtrump @tan123 climate change allows them to stay on the gravy train whatever happens. isn t it crazy i m worth billions of dollars employ thousands of people and get libeled by moron bloggers who can t afford a suit! wild. @brasicingbras: @realdonaldtrump let the haters hate mr. trump. love my new trump tie from @macys #trump2016 great! my friend @eminofficial was fantastic on the @todayshow this morninga star! .@alexsalmond sought my support after he released terrorist al megrahi who blew up pan am #103 killing all aboard. i said no way! @sovereignchadg when will the pga tour be coming to trump national? march 5th. @celebbiach @realdonaldtrump @irishcentral @lodgeatdoonbeg welcome to clare! thank you! @ructions77 @realdonaldtrump hey donald will ur new irish golf course be close to shannon airport ? yes. i read @willweatherfords comments that the lights are dimming on gambling in floridanothing could be worse for the state. .@flgovscott gaming states are laughing at stupidity of not approving gaming in fltheyre afraid of miamicant believe their luck! .@willweatherford @flgovscott gaming in miami will be incrediblebest in world and create lots of jobs and revenue. @davedautel been following you since your book art of the deal . thank you for your words of wisdom & insights thx. @graeme123s i have that many trump books at my desk he may as well be next to me telling me i have what it takes thanks. internal polling shows that i would swamp @robastorino in a ny republican primary 77 to 23 . but wont run if party is not unified. ny state republican party must unify or november will be another disaster. thank you to matt boyle @breitbartnews for analytical & well written piece on sleazebag blogger @mckaycoppins & irrelevant @buzzfeed. for the ny state repubs to waste time energy and money on a primarythen go against 3-1 demsis insane. thank you to jeffrey lord @amspec for his incredible & insightful article this weekend on failing & irrelevant @buzzfeed. @ron fournier actually i like you! @joerepublic1 @mckaycoppins how nice of this punk with a pen to call a truce after he tries to show u up w his bs! true thx. @m brannstrom @realdonaldtrump inspires me. every day. thank you. governor cuomo is right about one thing - attorney general eric schneiderman does wear eyeliner! what the hell is up with him? @alexrasey: i d vote for @realdonaldtrump in a heartbeat thanks. @tspohn: i think it d be cool if @realdonaldtrump ran in 2016. he d get my vote great! @cmac23jenkins: i dont care how old it is i will always get so pumped up when i listen to donald trump. really nice sort of? ! a poll of the miami-dade was conclusively in favor of gambling in miami. @willweatherford @flgovscott. @woodrowwinters you have 3 very capable kids that can run the company for you this country needs you badly. thx. individual commitment to a group effort is what makes a team work a company work a society work a civilization work.-- vince lombardi. .@flgovscott can create tens of thousands of jobs by approving casinos in miami--it s time. @willweatherford. @andywhumphreys trump national hudson valley is a gorgeous course. amazing improvements.@robastorino @kieranlalor thx. i took a failed club in dutchess county & made it a great success plus many jobs. @kieranlalor should be thankful. .@kieranlalor i created far more jobs and success in dutchess than you--you should be fired. @michelleneuf: @realdonaldtrump we need you and giuliani in whitehouse. we need a crime fighter who knows crime!!! and your creativity. .@michaelrcaputo thank you for all of your support you have been amazing! @kieranlalor: .@realdonaldtrump why didn t you just add be sure to tune in to nbc this fall for the apprentice ? a very good point! @megan lumetta: i ve been the first one to favorite three of donald trumps tweets and i m pretty proud. @realdonaldtrump great! @walshfreedom: @realdonaldtrump @kieranlalor or buy my books or chocolate or water or my clothing line. and make me money dopey! @stelmo757: @realdonaldtrump @kingrex9 @michaelwacha come play trump s course at the point in charlotte nc! you won t be disappointed! @davidinspired: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. this country needs your wisdom. i agree thanks! @marshall cook: @realdonaldtrump how do you feel about kevin o leary from shark tank? reminds me of you. but i have much more money & hair. @mariofmartinezz: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @timothyrosinski: @realdonaldtrump if you run for potus. you will win! just think about that. thank you. @chrissstinac: @realdonaldtrump is apprentice coming back on the air? #donaldforpresident yes start shooting in two weeks - season 14! @lakehostetler: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump in a nutshell what is my best course of action to succeed? great ideas and hard work! @barrman: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 you would have my vote ! @nsugra: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to going on a nature walk at the golf course in #palosverdes tomorrow with my daughters! great! @bryantcope: this country needs someone like you that speaks their mind and is great with economics finances. #trumpforpotus. @michaelkakos: @realdonaldtrump when and if you run you will be my first president that i vote for in my life! #trump2016. @pekastar: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 and that s all i m going to say! thanks! @alexeveslage: @realdonaldtrump should be president. he could get things done. that is so true! @khadeejanicolle: @realdonaldtrump if u run 4 #potus that s the only way i ll vote republican. pls consider running. u d be g8t!!! n thanks. @elnskitty: @realdonaldtrump you re brilliant! i know but thanks anyway! @rampage 31: @realdonaldtrump if you run sir you have my vote!!! #trumpforpresident thanks. @mfantauzzo1: please save this country mr. trump going to take a business genius to clean up obamas mistakes. you got my vote! great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -- samuel johnson. great minds have purposes others have wishes. --washington irving. @jkmartin16: @realdonaldtrump for potus 2016 @melaniatrump for flotus!! i can tell you with certainty she would be great! @shapirojd: @realdonaldtrump rebar at trump international chicago is awesome. @browardpolitics: conservative leader al cardenas describes @realdonaldtrump as a true patriot. am great. @tnaps85: if donald trump is our next president america will be saved-ith and all will be well in the world. amen and alleliua true! @cstevechristyjr: @realdonaldtrump the country needs a business man in charge that is not afraid to call out china. dt for p! true! @chroniclepm: @realdonaldtrump for president- and some ignorant fools don t understand i am campaigning for him dead heads-- @istarttrend. @leoncekakore: @realdonaldtrump what is the secret behind your success? good ideas and concepts but beyond everything i never quit! @barmes andnoble: if donald trump runs for president i will be beyond happy...if he wins i will be beyond beyond happy so nice thanks! .@allenwest great seeing you last night at record setting mar-a-lago republican event. the crowd loved you! @wwulffy: @allenwest @sentedcruz @realdonaldtrump proud to have you 3 on our side ! thank you. @burkejack: best course in the world @realdonaldtrump #trumpinternational. .@danawhite - you have done an amazing job - i am proud to have been there at the very beginning! @reagan nation: michael savage: donald trump is the only republican that can beat hillary thank you michael! do you think that very dumb reporter blogger mckay coppins has apologized to his wife for his very inappropriate behavior while in florida? @dannbushh: @realdonaldtrump i think you should run for president. so do many others - thanks! @kelsey 2155: @realdonaldtrump you re seriously the best i miss the celebrity apprentice so much. we shoot in 3 weeks - great cast! @ xx justme: @realdonaldtrump: @realdonaldtrump i think you should run for president. so do many others - thanks! you have my vote. @sobakawa89: @realdonaldtrump he ll never run can you really imagine trump putting all his wealth in a blind trust? i ve done worse! @getownedbyjones: .@realdonaldtrump @dannbushh #america needs you donald. if you don t run i m afraid for the future generations. @chrisfoley : wearing my trump shirt to school tomorrow @realdonaldtrump great! @kathy1453: @realdonaldtrump @dannbushh i m one of them. you d be an excellent president. @mvmoreno1961: @pmdino007: @realdonaldtrump @stewart5337 you are an amazing inspiration. ignore the haters. i do as much as possible! . @barrustj: is it just me or does the idea of a president who knows how to succeed and lead actually seem possible.#trump2016. russia beat the united states in the olympics-another obama embarrassment! isn t it time that we turn things around and start kicking ass? will be doing fox & friends at 7 a.m. - 20 minutes. enjoy! @darealfito: @realdonaldtrump not only would you be an amazing president you would be the only one that can give america it s balls back! whether you like it or not the russians did a great job in hosting the olympics! remember when obama went to europe to get olympics-fourth. we could make america great again by spreading obamacare throughout the world while at the same time dropping it from u.s.! entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. leadership is not a group effort--if you re in charge then be in charge. entrepreneurs: don t expect anyone to be on your side. sometimes we re all in this alone. so believing in yourself is mandatory. entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. see yourself as victorious and leading a winning team. keep everyone moving forward. building a personal brand? then focus on being great. focus on being the best at what you do. excellent article:. @thesergiogarcia played the new trump doral this morning! should be great for next week! thx sergio u will do great next week see u then. iraq buying 200000000 worth of weapons from iran. despite so many killed and trillions spent iraq dumps u.s. i told you so long ago! @rustypool1: @realdonaldtrump you know america whether you like him or not trump was 100 correct on this one. @gina660: @realdonaldtrump r the rumors true mr. trump? r u running 4 pres. we need a smart person in the white house. with the world hating us and wanting to destroy the u.s. we have just cut the hell out of the military budget making it smallest since 39. @sirtyro saw this today from a few hundred feet! very impressive building! thanks! @orangeblood16 #syracuse is about to be a little more lively @realdonaldtrump to visit for republican fundraiser looking forward to it! congrats @marklevinshow on fantastic article--when b writes so nicely about you it really means something. @raytirado @realdonaldtrump looking forward to meeting you at #cpac2014 #askhardquestions great! models! remember to register for the trump model search. check out the info here: @cadillacchamp. to aspiring entrepreneurs: be focused! know your goals. put everything you ve got into what you re doing--every single day. to aspiring entrepreneurs: trust your instincts. they are there for a reason. to aspiring entrepreneurs: be ready for problems. you ll have them every day. so remember to look at the solution--not the problem. to aspiring entrepreneurs: be tenacious. once you ve decided on your goals remain fixed on them. set the bar high! just did final purchase on fabulous @lodgeatdoonbeg in ireland. will become trump international hotel & golf links ireland. very exciting! @lakers305 @realdonaldtrump i m hearing #trumpnationaldoral course looks spectacular! miami is waitin for you! @davidvnyc trump tower is a gorgeous building inside and out and hell of a compliment to the new york skyline. #iloveny thank you. @rabidcop109 thanks donald for the biz tips... really have me feeling like i can go do this!! great ideas terrific! @petedahlgren i find myself constantly thinking about momentum thks to you. keep giving great advice we are listening. o.k. @emily ellyn love playing the links in scotland! gorgeous @finestgolfholes! @realdonaldtrump thank you. @metrolinkfails @kieranlalor mr trump it s called envy. easy as that. but so much is raised for charity. @stevepike9 @realdonaldtrump @kieranlalor you ve done the same thing at doral mr. trump. congrats thank you. @11summerb as a dutchess county resident that is the absolute truth! it s a course and facility to be proud of mr trump! thank you. @jeanralphiooo i would endorse @realdonaldtrump in a presidential run & would guarantee he could create fast economic growth in a year. thx. @high altitude1 watching a program about @realdonaldtrump private 757 definitely the ferrari of the sky......beautiful thank you. @lookingforward8 @realdonaldtrump words of wisdom from the pro himself!!!! inspiration!!! 3 great! @thebriangentry great advice. my dad also a developer always reminded me that we re in the problem solving business. so true! @andydubaingltd @realdonaldtrump mr trumpyou were created for our generaton wow! wow ny observer story about @agschneiderman really exposes him as a sleazebag & crook. hes bad for new york. lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business out of ny so that he can get publicity for his failing political career. @shawcrossblue @finestgolfholes @realdonaldtrump this looks epic! i need to play this course!! it is great! @holdingupthree @realdonaldtrump you re a true inspiration and leader. you would make an excellent potus! thanks. success tip: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. success tip: don t tread water. get out there and go for it. there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. success tip: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities & possibilities & thinking too small can negate a lot of them. experience is not what happens to you it s what you do with what happens to you. -- aldous huxley. disappointed the @newyorkobserver article on @agschneiderman did not bring up his dealings w shirley huntley. .@agschneiderman has never once said that he didnt ask for campaign contributions during the investigation. congrats to charles @krauthammer for his statements on climate change formerly known as global warming! @iamtn cheru: rt @realdonaldtrump: success tip: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. @mwgfdn: have u all seen the trump episode of mighty planes? its very cool how professional the captain pilot is! the plane is 1of a kind! @iam nixz: you have to think anyway so why not think big? - @realdonaldtrump xxx. @barrettag: had a meeting with an ex trump employee yesterday who went on for hrs about how good & nice you are to employees. so cool. congrats to r. emmett tyrrell jr of @amspec for the fantastic piece on benghazi. i think the @newyorkobserver was far too nice to sleazebag @agschneiderman. hes got plenty more to worry about!. black politicians are in prison based on shirley huntleys statements but not white @agschneiderman racism! lightweight @agschneidermans phony lawsuit against trump u was decimated by the courthes a loser! congrats to r. emmett tyrrell jr of @amspec for the fantastic piece on benghazi. obama just stated he didn t take school seriously made bad choices and got high - then how the hell did he get into columbia & harvard? the u.s. has appealed ro russia not to intervene in ukraine - russia tells u.s. they will not become involved and then laughs loudly! the world is falling apart around us but we don t have people who know how to play the game. the u.s. is in big trouble - no leadership! i ll be playing golf tomorrow in palm beach at the number one rated golf course in the state of florida trump international golf club. .@markburnetttv and his incredible wife @realromadowney did a fabulous movie @sonofgodmovie- see it! by popular extremely demand i will be live tweeting the #oscars2014 on sunday night. tell all your friends i will not be pulling punches! china has just intervened to lower the yuan- in other words they will continue to screw the u.s.! @bldrnr69: @realdonaldtrump thoughts on ukraine? plz run for president so we can have real leadership for us! @kentstgolf: thank you @realdonaldtrump trump charlotte is a beautiful place @kentstgolf #goflashes. @ehab eassa: most don t know the chinese float the yuan at an arbitrary ratio to the us dollar.they will screw us as long as we allow! @belizondo2: @realdonaldtrump if you ran for pres in 2016 you would have my vote no question! thanks. will be playing golf today with rand paul at trump international in palm beach. will be both interesting and fun! @david griffinjr: @realdonaldtrump @senrandpaul great pairing of a political powerhouse and a business genius! thanks it was a lot of fun. @timmyvafides: just received my order of @realdonaldtrump brand ties in the mail today. sharpest looking ties on the market. thanks! @rexhuppke: i m holding off on forming an opinion on the ukraine situation until i hear what donald trump has to say about it. very smart! @rajeevsamtani: get in get it done get it done right & get out - donald trump actually told to me by my father fred trump. sissy graydon carter of failing vanity fair magazine and owner of bad food restaurants has a problem-his v.f. oscar party is no longer hot. i am at trump national doral in miami as the best golfers in the world start arriving for the world golf championship cadillac . a big week. @rogerjstonejr: @realdonaldtrump trump-paul 2016 ? @tx shaun: @realdonaldtrump your tweets make my day your awesome thanks! @beaumontanthony: if donald trump was president of the usa am sure negotiations on the crisis in ukraine would be moving forward now. @jodyhagemann: @realdonaldtrump please help a ny 2 yr old boy beat cancer. i m having a real hard time watching the academy awards so far . the last song was terrible! kim should sue her plastic surgeon! #oscars. @ericksonrt05: @realdonaldtrump but my new trump ties rock!!! that s true! is this boring or is it just me? #oscars. just terrible! #oscars. i should host the #oscars just to shake things up - this is not good! certain people are ruining their reputations tonight-really sad! #oscars. they must be kidding - can this be happening #oscars. which is worse and which is more dishonest - the #oscars or the emmys? do you believe this singing? #oscars. ellen is sadly having a hard time with her lines. #oscars. i don t know how much longer i can take this bullshit - so terrible! #oscars. @wee eats: best part of #theoscars so far is reading @realdonaldtrump s twitter account i agree! judy garland was much better to put it mildly! #oscars. @johnnyhabit: @realdonaldtrump why the fuck do i even follow you? because you re addicted to genius asshole! @thrashingkitty: hahaha @realdonaldtrump is killing it with the #oscars tweet. @brad r0bins0n: @realdonaldtrump is on point with his tweets about the #oscars tonight. hilarious! little andy lassner who lives his life through ellen and has nothing else going for himself is having a really bad night! #oscars. they should have allowed applause during the tribute to the departed - really bad production. bette midler sucked! #oscars. @amenreminisce: @realdonaldtrump hahahaha mr. trump you re epic see you in toronto in may at the canadian international :. this cannot be the the academy awards #oscars awful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! @jshah500: @realdonaldtrump you are the most negative person i ve ever followed. thank you! this is amateur night - who the hell is in charge of this production? #oscars. @christuhglo: @realdonaldtrump i love how you handle the haters you mean the haters and losers! @benjamin mayne: @realdonaldtrump you ve won me over. great job tonight. i m not trying to win anyone over it really sucks! #oscars. @pattywagswag: @realdonaldtrump run for president please. was president obama in charge of this years academy awards - they remind me of the obamacare website! #oscars. @nate north43: @realdonaldtrump is the man so true! angelina and sidney had a really strange vibe going! #oscars. @joshgliege: @realdonaldtrump is really not liking the oscars. he tells it the way it is which would be a nice in a president. #trump2016. @cashmoneybonas: @realdonaldtrump i wish i was watching your presidency campaign instead of the oscars. @vlasaro: @realdonaldtrump you inspire me to keep going on every day. @williamn95: @realdonaldtrump is my favorite celebrity business man please run for president we need someone competent so true! @rickruff23: @realdonaldtrump so true. ellen is a train wreck. m.m. is a good choice - also nice guy! #oscars. @ brandoh: @realdonaldtrump only 1 solution for the oscars trump as host. what is he reading? #oscars. @reza rezvani: @realdonaldtrump you need to run for president. this country needs you. #trump2016 zip. i know! #oscars. @dp1489: ha i didnt have to watch the #2014oscars thanks for keeping me updated @realdonaldtrump. @elkaneh: @realdonaldtrump thanks for a memorable oscars! #oscars no problem. @juanmalird: @realdonaldtrump hi donald genius. @bc4040: @realdonaldtrump thank god it s over! @cathco9: @boboxm103nyc goes to @realdonaldtrump best tweets of the night. #oscars. @dianelmarshall : @realdonaldtrump when do you plan to announce your eventual run for the presidency? we shall see! @pandoerra: @realdonaldtrump i think you could have directed a better oscars mr. trump #oscars much better! @scorpio man1973: the best ending to the #oscars would have been @realdonaldtrump saying you re fired. @viclillo: @realdonaldtrump donald trump was the best part of the 2014#oscars. @abbysullz: @realdonaldtrump your tweets made my night. ellen was so awkward and insecure last night. the pizza skit was terrible. she should dump andy lassner a guy with no absolutely no talent! i have always liked ellen done her show numerous times but she was not good last night - fumbling and stumbling! @theellenshow ellen you should get rid of andy lassner - the guy has absolutely no imagination or talent. good try last night! very exciting week for @trumpdoral. i will be in miami opening what will soon be best resort in u.s. world golf championship this week! @kostoff2: @realdonaldtrump @trumpdoral - players have been raving about how nice the course is & how much they are looking fwd to it. .@jtimberlake it was great having you play the blue monster. thanks for your nice statements-many agree that it is best they ve seen! @kostoff2: @realdonaldtrump @trumpdoral - players have been raving about how nice the course is & how much they are looking fwd to it. @jwiadvisory: @theellenshow you did a great job at the oscars despite what @realdonaldtrump is saying! oscars sucked ellen off her game! @keemstarx: if @realdonaldtrump was president middle class would make more . i honestly think he could keep jobs in america! so true-easy. @brendakenesonwe: @realdonaldtrump @kostoff2 @trumpdoral based on the photos and articles i ve read it s beautiful thank you! @lilydashevsky: @realdonaldtrump i m skipping cap. hill meetings to make it to your #cpac2014 speech! any hints on the topic?? new york magazine just named the most influential tweeters in n.y. and one donald trump was #2 after espn. actually i m easily #1! .@mitt romney strongly stated in one of the debates with pres. obama that russia is the big problem. obama scoffed. mitt was 100 correct! baltimore just set a record for the coldest day in march in a long recorded history - 4 degrees. other places likewise. global warming con! what do you think obama will do when putin seizes alaska? actually putin doesn t want alaska because the environmental protection agency will make it impossible for him to drill for oil! .@austinkaiser52 the 2 people i am most excited to hear speak on thrursday at @cpacnews is @govchristie & @realdonaldtrump #dcbound thanks. .@kirschnerdavid @realdonaldtrump congrats mr. trump on making @forbes list of wealthiest in the world. thanks! remember to keep going--if you stop your momentum will stop. if you re passionate about your work you will never give up. live on the edge--no complacency is allowed--and keep an open mind. business is a creative endeavor. @colleencpa thanks colleen! @charlierymergc charlie sounds good to me! @mariela mh: @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump damac releasing today - trump estate in #dubai beauty and style! @ibejakeb just read midas touch cover2cover. tons of notes for @flowwraps thank you & robert too! thank you good luck! the opening of the @tigerwoods villa at trumpdoral. success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. -- think like a billionaire. you re never a loser until you quit trying. -- mike ditka. elite traveler & the 12 best hotel room views in the world #trumpchicago. the more predictable the business the more valuable it is. predictability also means consistency of brand experience. --midas touch. we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- gary player. get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in today s world. -- think like a champion. is business success a natural talent? i think it s a combination of aptitude work and luck. -- think like a champion. trump international hotel & tower toronto continues to receive accolades. great city great hotel. #trumptoronto. of course i don t think jimmy carter is dead-saw him today on t.v. just being sarcastic but never thought he was alive as president stiff! actually i was very nice to jimmy carter during my standing room only & standing ovation speech for cpac - stated better pres. than obama! the unbiased reporters and attendees said mine was the best and most well received speech at cpac - thank you! @cullenthadude: @realdonaldtrump for president #greatman thank you! @puertoricoopen: @ejmedshoppe: @pgatour @puertoricoopen @realdonaldtrump course is beautiful. i played there in 2012. @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump awesome speech! you can watch it here: thank you! @sashamajerovsky: @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump awesome speech! he tells it like it is! great speech! thanks! @sashamajerovsky thanks sasha! congrats to @alcardenasacu and @cpacnews. i really enjoyed being therethe response was so terrific! the road to success is always under construction. -- arnold palmer. @d pardee: my take from #cpac2014: @realdonaldtrump s speech was better than @reppaulryan s. @ watchmyprocess: this man @realdonaldtrump is a very wise man. hate to say it but its true. @stephinkycheese: @gjonesiv @stuartappleby yep what a rough day.. i bet @realdonaldtrump loves the leaderboard looking like a u.s. open. @stevegbowlin: @realdonaldtrump great speech yesterday. trump cruz 16 thank you! the newly built blue monster at trump national doral is being considered a masterpiece by almost all who see it and play it - thank you! leaders at trump national doral are only one under par. the great ben hogan said i ve never seen a great course that was easy! @jtthebossman: @realdonaldtrump keep fighting the good fight. you speak the truth. trump 2016!!! @thegrumpyhusky: the blue monster is definitely an amazing and beautiful course. it is more than just a masterpiece - it is immortal. @insidesouthfl: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump you guys are amazing! the 2014 @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral is #epic! @dollarmana: @realdonaldtrump. not sure what was more impressive today....tiger woods making 8 birdies or your golf course. will be on fox & friends at 7 10 minutes . enjoy! congratulations to patrick reed for winning at trump national doral. he told me the blue monster is the best course i ve ever played. the #cnbc 25 poll is a joke. i was in 9th place and taken off. politics? no wonder @cnbc ratings are going down the tubes. other worthy people were taken off the @cnbc list as well. stupid poll should be canceledno credibility. ive been watching very little @cnbc latelythe good news is im switching over to @bloombergnews and @foxnews. the massive blue monster @trumpdoral is getting rave reviews. i built it in one yearno easy feat! have passion drive and enthusiasm? you can check out the @trumpcollection careers here:. @jontwolegit: @realdonaldtrump when does celebrity apprentice start- spring is in the air so i know it must be soon shooting in 2 weeks. @rickdavenport8 @trumpdoral looking forward to taking on the monster soon!!! so what is the donalds best on it?? exciting looking course!! @bnmaui: @realdonaldtrump you may be the only conservative who can win the 2016 presidential election. please consider. i will! many of life s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- thomas a. edison. @joetorre congratulations to patrick reed for his win yesterday @trumpdoral! the new #bluemonster lived up to its name thanks joe. @nick torch reasons why i love @realdonaldtrump he isn t afraid to speak his mind and call people out true! @patrickparuolo @trumpwaikiki @realdonaldtrump going there for my honeymoon in october. can t wait great! @sendit40 tried yr mobile app to check out yr hotel rates in doral. app works effortlessly is easy to use to book rooms unlike obamacare. @moffiq having role models like @realdonaldtrump and @richardbranson is the best thing in life! they set standards & we can follow thx. rosechem1 one of the reasons that i like you is because i feel that old american greatness in your mentality. it makes me feel hope! thx. @mikee116 if you run you got my vote. you know how to run business and grow it. that s what our country needs. thanks. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein. @mattmiller728 @realdonaldtrump i love all of your books very helpful thanks good luck! the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain. @carisa01huston: @realdonaldtrump you rock....ditch the haters and keep speaking the truth. they just don t like what they hear! @houstongunn: so excited for tomorrow to head to #newyork to tour #trump tower! i am so looking forward to meeting @realdonaldtrump. @nicklangworthy: #blueforben @realdonaldtrump @eriecountygop ben get well soon - you have many friends! @nellybelle25: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump just returned from chicago & staying at your hotel. amazing experience. your people are the best. just in: a jury awarded a complete and total victory in buyers remorse lawsuit against me in ft. lauderdale. with the complete ft. lauderdale victory i will now sue for millions of s in attorney fees for which plaintiffs are liable. i love taking lawsuits all the way when im right. @agschneiderman is finding that out the hard way! by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail. -- benjamin franklin. always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln. wow the two highest apartment rentals in all of 2013 were at trump park avenueeach one 100000 per month. congratulations to @trumpintrealty for the two top rentals in 2013! #tirnyc. trump victorious in fort lauderdale litigation. just did thetoday show to announce that baton rouge louisiana will host the miss usa pageant on sunday june 8th. @miss usa. @ellentime1: @realdonaldtrump.... loved you on today!! your were great!!! thank you! @alecbordelon: .@realdonaldtrump officially confirms on @todayshow this morning-- miss usa pageant will be coming to baton rouge in june. i just beat a lawyer from yale and a lawyer from harvard who teamed up against me in a major case worth millions . they were so dumb! @integgriti: @realdonaldtrump mr.trump you said that you would run for president if nation got worse. it is real sad now... @joe sutt: @realdonaldtrump wharton baby! @asenaphotograph: @realdonaldtrump you are just smarter and better prepared so true! @youngkhalifa 2: @realdonaldtrump: by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail. -- benjamin franklin. @timpdion: you may love @realdonaldtrump you may hate him but you have to appreciate how he handles an annoying sand gnat like matt lauer. @dallinmiller: @realdonaldtrump is in my psychology book from the 90 s and still looks the same. #nothuman thanks. @crpietschmann: @unclelouie42 @realdonaldtrump also was it the lawyers that lost or the client they represented? both! @jacoprinsloo12: @realdonaldtrump you are my hero man keep doing what you are doing. thank you i will. amazing how the press protected president obama when he did the so-called comedy routine with zach g. he looked like a fool - they said cute. @mauriceconcha thanks! @drjoshmiddleton: @realdonaldtrump mr trump please consider the presidency rather than ny gov race. the country is a mess. @standattheready: putin has eaten obama s lunch therefore our lunch for a long period of time. - @realdonaldtrump very true!!! #teaparty. @sdillam: @realdonaldtrump shuts down nbcs @mlauer: putin has eaten obamas lunch he s a spineless coward. one who fears failure limits his activities. failure is only the opportunity to more intelligently begin again. -- henry ford. @idollylenz best on mkt! we ve rented these amazing homes forever! sales too. 2 highest apt rentals 13 thx dolly. we are what we repeatedly do. excellence then is not an act but a habit. -- aristotle. i have clearly stated that if the new york state republican party is able to unify i would run for governor and win. they can t unify -sad! the top leadership of the new york state republican party is totally dysfunctional - they haven t won a major election in many years. @tx shaun: @realdonaldtrump don t run for governor go for the white house!!! #trumpin2016. while i won t be running for governor of new york state a race i would have won i have much bigger plans in mind- stay tuned will happen! .@garyplayer as a true champion you must have enjoyed how difficult but fair the blue monster played last weekend. gary player villa loved! frumpy and very dumb gail collins an editorial writer at the new york times is so lucky to even have a job. check her out - incompetent! @tomnocera: somebody said the first casualty of war is truth. somebody tell kerry to take dt with him to negotiate the russian surrender. @natedolphinal: @realdonaldtrump dont think your more than donald trump...he is the best #betterthanyou thanks! when nobody wanted the ufc i opened the way by letting them fight at the trump taj mahal in atlantic city. dana white has done a great job! @garyplayer: what a fantastic test of championship golf. congratulations to team trump on a superb result all round @trumpdoral. best. i won t be doing fox & friends tomorrow morning in that i have a big breakfast meeting on a deal. i will be back next week at 7. thank you! the best vision is insight. -- malcolm forbes. some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them. anonymous. join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4 2. #liub will raise awareness for millions with autism! @pepper4366 thought your show would never return. what is start date. #celebrityapprentice start shooting next week! there are many editorial writers that are good some great & some bad. but the least talented of all is frumpy gail collins of nytimes. 5 year old trey has terminal cancer. i m helping him go to disney won t you? @janierner: @realdonaldtrump only deal should be presidential deal....hurry. we need help fast! @rpoole1954: @realdonaldtrump hopefully your breakfast is with your 2016 pres exploratory committee #2016 hopeful. @joey columbo: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. america needs you. @peaceisweakness: trump 2016 is the only way to stop the decline of the west. only one man in america could deal with putin #trump2016. some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them! @wondherful: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr the only reality show worth my time is #celebrityapprentice. thanks. @youngdf50: @peaceisweakness you are the only candidate that would make me vote republican. today s world needs a real leader. thank you! wow putin is really taking advantage of president obama. it is important that obama responds with strength and determination-be smart-cool! @troymeaz: @realdonaldtrump you need to become president before world war 3 starts! do not kid yourself world war iii could happen. @sdm ttg: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016!!!! economic genius is what we need !!!!!! president obama could totally solve the problem with putin by demanding that russia sign on to obamacare thereby destroying their economy! the only way to do great work is to love what you do. steve jobs. get to the essence immediately. learn to economize. people appreciate brevity in today s world. -- think like a champion. @70sbaseball a great sports fan & business man! dt & his son w george & billy during spring training good memories! @allanschwartz1 @realdonaldtrump and you love what you do.. run for president. you will love it interesting! @alex lestari: the best investment i made is the one i didn t make donald trump #apc can be very true! @keegster51: @realdonaldtrump you are a true role model of success. thank you for being my inspiration #trump2016 thank you. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein. @bllheaded finally read the art of the deal. outstanding book and applies to every facet of life #thinkbig thanks. @missycombs38 please stop renovating creating golf courses. we need you to renovate the white house! #trumpforpresident cute! @kunle jimber @realdonaldtrump i just got one of your ties such a nice brand. great! thx. @frontrowbrian you also hosted the greatest mma event of all time... #wrestlemania... twice!!! you are a great american sir. thanks. @teapartythad @realdonaldtrump man dj! you are such an inspiration brother. thanks for being you! thank you. entrepreneurs who develop their midas touch do not work for money. they work to create or acquire assets. focus on assets. -- midas touch. business is an art in itself & powerful negotiation skills are one of the techniques necessary to facilitate success.- think like a champion. the donald j. trump signature collection s new line is out @macys --ties shirts accessories -- great & going fast! re negotiation: know what you want & think about what the other side wants. know where theyre coming from & do not underestimate them. @danscavino @apinv @trumpgolf @billclinton @aphospital thanks dan. head on over to my facebook page to have your questions answered in the next #askthedonald-. @thetomburkeshow:@alexsalmond this what we really want in aberdeen? wind turbines are destructive to tourism etc. @secularbobby: @realdonaldtrump hey. you are so cool and i m voting for you in 2016 very nice! .@alexsalmond wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.electric bills in scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness. it s almost like the united states has no president - we are a rudderless ship heading for a major disaster. good luck everyone! @maxknoblauch: im voting for @realdonaldtrump to b president of the world n clean up this mess were in!!! and we are truly in a mess! @johnyc46: @realdonaldtrump @alexsalmond windmills in western ny state are a complete eyesore. beautiful views ruined by propellers. @b2tac: @realdonaldtrump they also kill thousands of birds here in ca. @alexsalmond. @emilyfashion16: @realdonaldtrump then you should run for president! i know you could turn this country around. i definitely could fast. @nomomartychenko: i love @realdonaldtrump! great! @brownsmakemeugh: it s very important that he fills out his march madness bracket on sportscenter while putin takes over eastern europe. @chris lapenta: @realdonaldtrump that s why we need you in 2016. plane was carrying those terrible lithium ion batteries which are highly combustible as cargo. fire could have started in cockpit. lithium ion batteries should not be allowed to be used in aircraft. i won t fly on the boeing 787 dreamliner - it uses those batteries. looks like plane may have been found in the indian ocean off the coast of australia. @cheezitscat: .@realdonaldtrump what is ur favorite plane? boeing 757 and citation x. we are excited to announce trump estates at akoya by damac luxury villas situated bytrump intl golf links dubai. things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out. -- john wooden. failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently. -- henry ford. president obama was able to fool the americans by getting elected but not able to fool vladimir putin. too bad for us! we re spending a fortune looking for the lost plane with mostly chinese passengers and that s ok-but how much are russia & china spending? i don t hate obama at all i just think he is an absolutely terrible president maybe the worst in our history! while putin is scheming and beaming on how to take over the world president obama is watching march madness basketball ! president obama be cool be smart be sharp and focus no more march madness and you can beat putin at his own game. it can be done! continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. -- winston churchill. great advice from my father: know everything you can about what you re doing. -- fred c. trump. great advice from my mother: trust in god and be true to yourself. mary macleod trump. putin has become a big hero in russia with an all time high popularity. obama on the other hand has fallen to his lowest ever numbers. sad. i believe putin will continue to re-build the russian empire. he has zero respect for obama or the u.s.! we should be building up our military and our missile defense systems to their highest levels ever. must be very strong to prosper & survive. the situation with russia is much more dangerous than most people may think - and could lead to world war iii. we need great leadership fast. obama must now focus get his mind off march.madness and lead! watch russia closely work hard on the economy and get rid of obamacare! i wonder if apple is upset with me for hounding them to produce a large screen iphone. i hear they will be doing it soonlong overdue. obama should stop running down the stairs when getting off air force one. doesnt look presidential and at some point he will take a fall. thank you to @garyvansickle & sports illustrated @sinow for the really nice piece about me. march 17 2014 issue. @jeffraissle @realdonaldtrump when will #celebrityapprentice be back? i miss tv s best reality show! very soon--shooting now! @angelproroofing @trumpdoral i ve had the pleasure of staying here with my family talk about exclusive service best resort by far. thanks. @jvickersdc staying at trump international resort in miami. well done sir. wish we could stay a couple more days! great family vaca thx. @tpgraf82 @realdonaldtrump you tweet a lot of great and motivating things but i m waiting for the tweet of all tweets trump2016 thank you. i had a great time answering your questions in the latest #askthedonald. watch and see if your question made it in-. you miss 100 of the shots you don t take. -- wayne gretzky. @ritholtz: my understanding is tim cook lies awake most nights worrying about what you think about their latest iphone. true! @marky4792: @realdonaldtrump will you please run for the president united states we really need a swift kick in the ass. getting to the point is appreciated by everyone. here s some advice for public speaking: be sincere be brief be seated. f.d. roosevelt. robert slater who just passed away was a terrific writer who wrote a very fair book about me. he will be missed. he that is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else. -- benjamin franklin. president obama looks absolutely exhausted in the netherlands. he is not a natural leader was never ment to lead - it is tough work for him. not good or smart for obama to be calling russia a regional power or to mention the concept of a nuclear weapon going off in nyc. this is the time for the united states to be strengthening all important military components - not rolling over and dealing from weakness! @wesbart53: watched his speech yesterday...pathetic. carter-esque weak. his delivery is so cautious not to offend absolutely zero true! by obama mentioning manhattan yesterday in his response he has singlehandedly made it target #1. how totally stupid is this guy? if youve looked over the yearsive been right on virtually every issue from iraq not going in but if so taking the oil to jobs to china. some great quotes from the legendary and courageous winston churchill: never never never give up. ... you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. if you re going through hell keep going. -- winston churchill. i will be on the record with greta van susteren @gretawire tonight at 7 pm eastern fox news channel. @scutpls @realdonaldtrump tweets the best quotes. perfect motivation for an aspiring entrepreneur. thank you. @koos32 donald. he was a great iconic leader- hoping you can be one for us in couple years too! #trump2016 thank you. @theodopolis just left the @realdonaldtrump building in nyc. - beautiful building and very professional. thank you. @snudge11 @scotlandgolf1 i played it yesterday and i have to say it was the best golf course i ve ever played. thank you--so true! @prayformetoo @realdonaldtrump @wesbart53 how long would obummer last on the apprentice donald? #theapprentice no comment. @rickclement it s tough work reading all those speeches from a teleprompter. real leaders lead. like you donald!! please run !! thank you. @meade1214 @realdonaldtrump trump for office!! he s a good man! i am? @kerrkerr73 @realdonaldtrump then run for president! !! sick of the crap going on in the white house. thanks. @gmo7 finally they re filming the celebrity apprentice! can t wait for the next season @realdonaldtrump soon! listen to my interview with @kathielgifford at @podcastone -. @jaredparker please run for president mr. trump! the republican party desperately needs someone of your qualifications. @codymangano @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 we need you thank you. @kierenash @realdonaldtrump run for prez donald!!! you ll be great!! what america needs!!! save us from this marxist!!!! thank you. remember oftentimes the best deal you make is the deal you don t make! @arseniohall come on dt @realdonaldtrump ... fly in! you must visit stage 6! #arseniohallshow it will happen--great going. @thegolfadvisor ireland golf tourism will give @realdonaldtrump a warm irish welcome. the lodge at doonbeg: thanks. @bigjohn6531 you were 100 on the mark donald when you said we should have taken some iraqi oil ... true now iran has it. .@genesimmons is terrific--congratulations on hall of fame. @kdharris59 i want someone who is liked by half and considered a sob by the other half - i bet mr trump fits that interesting. edddie24 mr. trump is a real american patriot. you have my vote if you ever ran. thank you. #tbt for all who have been asking my mother was a great beauty and a wonderful person. here we are with my father-. @samjabbo trump you inspire me to be successful everyday. great--good luck! @jamesholt52 @realdonaldtrump we need someone to lead the party strong person behind the man that is your strength thank you. @alexandracmauro @realdonaldtrump any books you suggest for young entrepreneurs? midas touch is excellent & written for entrepreneurs. @horneultimatum @realdonaldtrump: is this #nyma ?! yes. @eruditetina @realdonaldtrump your parents must have been wonderful people. thanks for sharing. they were--thanks. @winstons6079w i m sure they re very proud of you and what your family has been able to accomplish they were great! @candynecklace2 wow wow wow!!!!! your mother was a stunning drop dead gorgeous woman just like @melaniatrump true! @jamie lynch1 playing @realdonaldtrump aberdeen course tommorow heard its amazing soon find out enjoy! @cindyculler2 @realdonaldtrump love this picture and she was a great beauty! thanks for the private family picture. thanks. @zigmanfreud: please thank @realdonaldtrump for his cool note to me supportive of the fight for justice for joe paterno. @horneultimatum: @speednviolence @realdonaldtrump actually not a rich boy school nyma gives a lot of opportunity to inner city youth! @william76960376: @realdonaldtrump you are truly the greatest person alive!!!! #your #awesome wow thanks! @oben02: money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. @realdonaldtrump. @shaughnessy89: @realdonaldtrump is the man!! give us a shoutout for your friends in ireland donald! @rtesta: please run for president and announce it in nh! we need someone that can turn this country around from the ground up! true! autism way up - i believe in vaccinations but not massive all at once shots. too much for small child to handle. govt. should stop now! @ctsa: @realdonaldtrump when i was a kid there were 8. now they give upwards of 31-40. it s an assault on the immune system. if i were president i would push for proper vaccinations but would not allow one time massive shots that a small child cannot take - autism. @bossman140: @realdonaldtrump the most brilliant observation you have ever made. parents should take your advice. coach w to his basketball players - be quick but don t hurry! @giorgimassimo:3 words to keep in mind every day for getting rich! you re the best business man your tips are precious! thanks in advance. @saladgyrl: @rockchalkspence someone i know has a child who had a seizure within minutes of a shot in dr s office was autistic after. @menabazz : @realdonaldtrump you inspire me. thanks. @cherylmosstyler: @realdonaldtrump thank you for stand on child vaccinations. 35yr ago 1 child in 3 counties. now 3 classes in some schools. @gobnaseem: do you think your book from 2004 how to get rich can still be a gateway to financial success in today s day of age? yes! healthy young child goes to doctor gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines doesn t feel good and changes - autism. many such cases! @hn jad @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr your trump hotel in #vegas is spectacular. amazing strip views. thank you. @steal70 @realdonaldtrump enjoying the toronto property for my first time. great service from shane and ali. thank you. @trumptoronto. @karenhaywood3 @realdonaldtrump both your parents were very nice looking. great photo! thank you. @realjuliemallen indeed she was mr.t she also looks like she was beautiful person as well great moms matter they shape who wer thank you. @koos32 @realdonaldtrump nice picture donald. i can see where your great looks come from. your parents did a great job! thanks. with autism being way up what do we have to lose by having doctors give small dose vaccines vs. big pump doses into those tiny bodies? join @autismspeaks and light the world blue on 4 2. #liub will raise awareness for millions with autism! sse slashes offshore wind investmentwants british government to pay for its losses on these monstrosities. inspiration exists but it has to find us working. -- pablo picasso. @samjabbo @realdonaldtrump i haven t read any of your books yet which one should i start with? the art of the deal is a good start. for entrepreneurs: a good question to ask yourself what can i provide that does not yet exist? entrepreneurs: another question to ask yourselfwhat am i pretending not to see? there may be great opportunities right around you. entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you dont no one else will either. realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. @realmikepalumbo walked in trump tower for the first time this week.. gorgeous as all your work . love the trump experience thank you. @hrvstfoundation @realdonaldtrump @samjabbo the art of the deal gets my vote. it changed the way i do business. great! to all young and old entrepreneurs: believe in yourself talk yourself up! energize yourself and you ll energize others. to all haters and losers: i am not anti-vaccine but i am against shooting massive doses into tiny children. spread shots out over time. @princessdaytura @realdonaldtrump for president - it s reality he is reality and he is the only one capable of making the necessary changes. .@arseniohall - the only thing you don t mention in the nice esquire piece about you is the apprentice without which you would be nowhere! .@arseniohall - how quickly people forget but not me! you told me that without the apprentice you could never have gotten your show - sad! @tarrkoziara: @realdonaldtrump @arseniohall the apprentice has started and revived a lot of people s careers. very true! @alexarancio: @arseniohall doesn t mention apprentice because his ego won t let him. it s why he failed originally and will fail again. @tx shaun: @realdonaldtrump its true he didn t get his show until after he won the apprentice. @danscavino: .@realdonaldtrump i was there when @arseniohall said that. more then once by the way. just saying it is #fact #true! @johnrich: one thing about @realdonaldtrump he never sugar coats anything...i m sure @arseniohall is appreciative as am i. thanks john! @wmdavid66: @realdonaldtrump @arseniohall it is without a doubt true. arsenio was a has been that people barely remembered. @pwnza: @realdonaldtrump why aren t you president yet? a very good question! @chrispilz: @realdonaldtrump would you consider running for pres in 2016? that absolutely could happen. our country needs help fast! @winger23: obamacare has ruined healthcare. everyone i know is having a hard time paying their new plans. it costs too much! @diverojalv: @realdonaldtrump @chrispilz my only concern w trump running for prez is that he could only serve two terms! very cute! @samjabbo: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 or i m moving out of the u.s you sound very smart! @oates tom: @realdonaldtrump i think if you run you ll get a lot of people that wouldn t normally vote.....vote for you thank you. @danscavino: what donald trump did to bring back arsenio hall after the @apprenticenbc on @nbc @ @arseniohall true. @pavlo rodriguez: @realdonaldtrump your books inspire me thanks great. @kenzoeblair: if @realdonaldtrump retweeted me... i d prob cry. your tweets make my day. don t cry! @carltoncountry: @johnrich do u have any idea when the new season of #celebrityapprentice will be on? in the fall - shooting now! @blueyesbeauty: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president i would actually go vote for once! #weneedchange #trumpforpresident thanks. @ell7654321: @realdonaldtrump if u run for president u have my vote remember that! @magnasearchgrp your new trump tower in vancouver looks fantastic. i m gonna pick up a unit. just can t say no to 5-star living #motivation. @larksnestartist @magnasearchgrp as a pediatrician i have fought multiple vaccine doses in children for years. thank you for your efforts. @onlyanniehorton: @realdonaldtrump @larksnestartist @magnasearchgrp please keep fighting. three in one is a cheap but dangerous solution. @kramersfarm: you are spot on with your opinion on vaccinations. big pharma and big ag control a lot of misinformation. great job. @thisismendim: @realdonaldtrump i read your book think like a champion . i m impressed.. it motivated me very much. thank you. @betsyscribeindc: @realdonaldtrump begging you to run for president. you must save this country. you re the one who can do it. true! @tripletluv11: @realdonaldtrump @pwnza i think you would make a great kick butt president!! .@genesimmons keep up the great work and congrats - we are proud of you! .@magicjohnson good luck with the dodgers this season if they were like you they would never lose a game! @thetrueanthony: sunday nights this spring just aren t the same without @apprenticenbc. how much longer? shooting now on in the fall. sorry couldn t do @foxandfriends this morning--big meeting. will double up next week at 7. @ marcogenovese @realdonaldtrump never give up! that s how you make it happen. true! @drewmadeoff rt @realdonaldtrump rt @alexarancio @arseniohall it s why he failed originally and will fail again it s called disloyal! @drewmadeoff rt @realdonaldtrump rt @tx shaun its #true he didn t get his show until after he won the @apprenticenbc true! @dalasner @realdonaldtrump love to see you one on one with bill maher without his morons in his audience. he would have no chance! @xadusx @realdonaldtrump @samjabbo or never give up they re all my favorite though read them all! thanks--good luck! do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- ralph waldo emerson. because of president obama s failed leadership we have put vladimir putin & russia back on the world stage! --no reason for this. noisy windfarm driving community crazy! @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @aberdeenshirecc. @drewhutch13 w you on those windmills my man!! waste of time and other resources. @alexsalmond @aberdeencc. @kanstalwart3 @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @aberdeenshire truth look to southern california ugly white poles with bird killing fans. @sowinski house: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! a very wise choice thanks! @timnaples: @realdonaldtrump @alexsalmond @aberdeencc @aberdeenshirecc wind energy is a destructive force for wildlife. true! @gretawire: a giant thank you to all the on the record viewers at 7pm you are the reason we remain #1 at 7pm! great going greta. @guyendorekaiser: @realdonaldtrump i ve read art of the deal a dozen times! only you can fix this country! that is perhaps true! @shaneandstamp: @realdonaldtrump your a respected businessman. why do you deny peoples knowledge about climate change. you mean global w. @harvey handy: @realdonaldtrump if potus what would you do with russia right now? all i can say is that they would respect the u.s. in new york march was the coldest month in recorded history - we could use some global warming! @tmoulton @realdonaldtrump staying at your vegas tower. very nice! thanks. @trumplasvegas. @peterienhio @realdonaldtrump nice clock outside the aberdeenshire golf course! #verysmart thank you. @monergythebook @trumppanama in spite of the hype it is a great hotel i was there when it opened a few years ago. thanks. @tmoulton @realdonaldtrump staying at your vegas tower. very nice! thank you. @trumplasvegas. @ajfrugoli thank you for building a beautiful hotel in vegas that i don t have to cover my children s eyes or my eyes when we enter thx. @donnadeau thank you so much for supporting a larger galaxy-like iphone screen. even with glasses current one strains. #apple true. @martinjajou thanks for being a great role model it actually motivates me for greatness terrific! @tyler4rmwc you would make a great president. if anyone can get us out of debt it s you sir. everything you touch turns to gold. thanks. yesterday in front of rockefeller center. the signature restaurant of @trumpnewyork @jeangeorges is both a forbes five-star & aaa five-diamond restaurant. discovery breeds discovery as in success breeds success. questions are thoughts with a quest. -- think like a champion. people rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. -- andrew carnegie. today in history wrestlemania 23: i shave @vincemcmahon s hair--highest rated show in wwe history @wrestlefact. @tpgraf82 @realdonaldtrump i m training my employees today wearing a #trumpcollection #tie #shirt feeling good and powerful! great! @a buon i remember many years ago i hated @realdonaldtrump because the media told me to. i now know he s a true american thanks. @dragonforce one: @realdonaldtrump chicago had the coldest four months since 1872 dec 1st to mar 31st . avg temp was 22f. @loganweiler11: @realdonaldtrump i am wearing a trump tie today. it is by far my favorite tie. great - at macy s! if everything seems under control you re just not going fast enough. -- mario andretti. visit the highly acclaimed trump international hotel & tower chicago and its exceptional sixteen restaurant. entrepreneurs: be cautiously optimistic. call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. entrepreneurs: pay attention to details. if you dont know everything about what youre doing you ll be in for some big surprises. entrepreneurs: watching you could be the motivation for your employees.make it an example that will best serve the success of your business. @evneleven: @realdonaldtrump for president! your the only one who knows how to run this country #trumpforpres #success #awesomeness. i hear the very ungrateful @arseniohall has a show that is absolutely dying in the ratings. really too bad! great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. -- samuel johnson. if trump became president he would do an amazing job if obama took over celebrity apprentice he d fail. what s your opinion? i agree! @mateohielo please buy @buffalobills upstate ny would love to have you be the owner of our franchise #prayersforjk thank you. @zacking30 the trumps are my favorite public figures. hands down! @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump thank you! @1tannedman @realdonaldtrump i have about 40 of ur ties wouldn t wear anything else you have great taste thanks. ask yourself: what can i learn today that i didn t know before? always be a student always be open to new ideas. i can t believe david letterman has announced his retirement--he is a great guy! @letterman. never let the fear of striking out get in your way. -- babe ruth. @renee41961 @realdonaldtrump i like the donald becuz he is not afraid to speak the truth no matter what it is! #therealdeal thank you. .@andre reed83 thanks for your nice words. you are a real champion. im pushing! @danieljshaw @realdonaldtrump @letterman was always funny watching you two banter! that will be missed! i agree! @cfwaye @realdonaldtrump you know what is great about you. you didn t just chase a dream you envisioned one. thank you. @andzi11 @realdonaldtrump watching the celebrity apprentice love it. truly my favorite show #boladagur #gottaloveit thanks. @ hotdawgs @realdonaldtrump hey can we get a shout out for a start up company in our entrepreneurship class work hard and good luck! .@neilyoung- one of my favorite musicians- in my office. @vesparum @realdonaldtrump another great evening at macleod house thank you. @bigbro14 @realdonaldtrump just booked my trip to trump intnl golf links in aug so excited to play the best have fun! @moss92g mr. trump your children convinced me you r a class act standing with the folks in albany was icing on the cake. thank you! thx. there is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing say nothing and be nothing. aristotle. @humbert tesla: in bed with donald - great quality cc @realdonaldtrump thanks - from sorta! @bradangsa: @sonnset2 @forq2 @realdonaldtrump @greaseweezer obama would not have won election if he told truth about obama-care.. @graciesavy: @houstongunn the next donald trump! still marveling at your accomplishments keep up the good work : thank you. @hafizzuddin myu: go for the next president of usa @realdonaldtrump ... lets see the impact for the world ... great man for great world! i can t believe that @cnn would waste time and money with @smerconish - he has got nothing going. jeff zucker must be losing his touch! @elkaneh: @realdonaldtrump @cnn @smerconish was just thinking that! what a boring show! snooze fest! @pnerrad: @realdonaldtrump they ve spent the last three weeks updating us about not finding a plane donald. @andrewkirell: hey @realdonaldtrump do you think les moonves will give you the late show? i would get the best ratings of all! @cakeiteasy: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the golf course at ferry point in the bronx to open! excited it will be great! i hate what has happened to the once great @cnn. @bebesxm: @realdonaldtrump i cross the whitestone bridge regularly...it went from a dump to a masterpeice...god bless all you do ! thanks. @patssoxfan71: @realdonaldtrump @andrewkirell if you hosted the late show you couldn t run for president. #trump2016 that is true! @bluestar4fan: @realdonaldtrump @cnn been a long time since cnn was great. could learn lessons in greatness from you and fox news. true! @jhking17: @realdonaldtrump please do our nation a favor and run for president!! #trump2016 somebody good better do that and fast! @mnm769: @realdonaldtrump @jhking17 why don t u do it donald trump just watch! @frankygarbaggio: @realdonaldtrump you are the man plain and simple. thank you very nice. @indigoblue65: @realdonaldtrump ummm...i like the sound of president trump!?!?! thank you! @tristackseff: @realdonaldtrump would bring us back from this mess @barackobama put us in. #runforpresident #2016 true! @nikkio: 6 billion s goes missing from state dept -where s the outrage? if u were prez- they d find it fast. @thequote: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. - donald trump. @oldschoolrush:mr t u should replace dave! you are funny clever smart handsomecharismatic insightfulsuccessful..like he has a twin! @prayformetoo: @realdonaldtrump donald you should be president with bill o reilly as vice p. you would both fight for the abused kids. @godfocker: @realdonaldtrump please run for president you re the best we ve got and i will vote for you in 2016. @pbrunnerrr: @realdonaldtrump you should go to wrestle manina. its good for business. us fans want you as president. @khaleejideal: @realdonaldtrump u r my role model since i was 18. now im 22 and working on launching my own company bcz of ur inspiration. @dchamp5810: @realdonaldtrump @indigoblue65 you got my vote mr. trump.... great! @not that actor: i ve been cheering u on for many moons. but i m afraid you don t have the passion to actually run in 16 we ll see. @ndumisozungu22: @realdonaldtrump the only human i would trust to be president thanks! @denzen: @realdonaldtrump i love your passion & boundless energy. it s fantastic just how tireless u are in your quest for an ideal america. @denzen: successful people work their asses off to make it only to be punished by heavy taxes which are then squandered recklessly. @rivalofelmblock: @tmz mark cuban is a nut. way less powerful than donald trump i agree - also in many ways a total loser! @cmhollon: @mcuban being rejected by #mlb bud selig is a good thing a good decision! @lewisbetesh: @realdonaldtrump @cmhollon mr. trump look into buying the mets from the wilpons. they are failing nyc very sad! @dchamp5810: @realdonaldtrump @indigoblue65 you are the greatest and you can make this nation #1 in the world just as it once was.... @katwatson59 thanks kat! for china of all nations to search the massive indian ocean and pick up the ping from the black box of flight 370 sounds a bit far fetched. major league baseball was really smart when they wouldn t let mark cuban buy a team. was it his financials or the fact that he s an asshole? @chris stocker: love taking a drive up a1a and seeing that beautiful red white and blue huge flag blowing in the yard of @realdonaldtrump. @licknenahan: why isnt @realdonaldtrump our president. our countries financial stability would be so much more secure. very true! haters and losers say i wear a wig i don t say i went bankrupt i didn t say i m worth 3.9 billion much more . they know the truth! @lagooner111 @trumpwaikiki pure #luxury! #trump does it the best! 1st class service & i ve only been here 30min. staff is amazing! thanks. @dannyzuker: i may disagree with much of what @realdonaldtrump says but that doesn t mean i think he s a terrible person. somewhat nice! @ blakecox: @realdonaldtrump mac miller pay you yet?? 90 million hits and no payment yet but he s been dead since donald t! @mgmacdon: @realdonaldtrump if they had to say yes who would your first pick to be on the celebrity apprentice? the pope! @racrboi90: @realdonaldtrump what influenced you to go into politics? it will be the total incompetence of politicians and our leaders ! @bigonbeets: @realdonaldtrump if you could do anything to change the world for the better what would you do? fire obama! @luthervii: @realdonaldtrump do you think bush jr. was a good president? no not even close! @joshhodgkinsonn: no wrestlemania will ever top 23. donald trump vs. vince mcmahon. you are right it has the all-time record! .@lexi great job in winning your first of many majors . we are proud of you at trump international. work hard - be an all time great! @chriswerner1988: @realdonaldtrump excellent taste in trump wine. i love trump red & white! thanks. @xenaher1 thanks xena! @jplw70: @realdonaldtrump @lexi so happy for her too she played super! she is a great player and a great person! @oversplayer: @realdonaldtrump hollywood has unfortunately become a memory. it s nothing but a sign on the side of a hill. mickey rooney. @mikehemenway: common sense guts smarts proven leader! @realdonaldtrump what this country needs for president! retweet if you agree. will be on fox & friends at 7.00 this morning - enjoy! @mike carrion99: @realdonaldtrump do the u.s. a favor and run for pres.2016! we need a real leader who wont put up w shit. nicely said! @highlifelondon: @realdonaldtrump our meembers have voted trump international golf links as one of the best courses in the world! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump @racrboi90 problem is so many of our leaders aren t really leaders.help us mr. trump before it s too late. @brucetobin: @realdonaldtrump hello mr.trump if you were to run for president to show these clowns how it s done you already have my vote. @tiffanypearls: @realdonaldtrump i want to work on the donald s campaign. he is the only candidate worth the energy. #trump2016. launching the trump home by dorya furniture collection today. it looks amazing! @hpmarketnews @doryainteriors. @billdabeastii: @realdonaldtrump you done good in l.a. they need to play a pga tourney here... for real! thanks! @golfswingshirt @billdabeastii team golf swing shirt just played at trump la with padraig harrington -great conditions & a beautiful course. @ikiibrahim: @realdonaldtrump - the donald has done great all over!!!!! thanks. @golfswingshirt head pro @ trump la waitersvalet parkersand complete staff and grounds crew all r class acts..better than pebble bch ! @ikiibrahim: @realdonaldtrump - the donald has done great all over!!!!! thank you! it s 4.35 a.m. and i am working on a very exciting and hopefully very good deal - a major resort. the harder i work the luckier i get! @kimkotter kim keep up the great work - you are really doing well! @rossdstarkey: good luck to everyone playing the @smopen this week watch out for @realdonaldtrump at doonbeg. @rtracingstables: donald you epitomize what america was and i hope will be again. hard work and determination equals success. thank you! saw @mcuban try to hit a ball in lake tahoe while i played in tournament- hes got no talent or strength!!!! @tmz. .@mcuban says he is a member of dallas national but doesnt play golf. who is a member of a golf club that doesnt play?? no talent! @tmz. @lamodaya: in life you dont get what you want you get what you negotiate: donald trump. the blue monster at trump national doral in miami is doing record business - everybody wants a piece of it. great reviews. thank you! @deniztweets @realdonaldtrump 16 and finished all your books. awesome. great--good luck! @ddouble j @realdonaldtrump mr trump what book of yours do you think i should read first? my first book the art of the deal. @laurence hasson heading to toronto for for a stay at the trump. i expect it will blow my mind. great--enjoy! @trumptoronto. .@garyplayer you were great on @mikeandmike this morning& the gary player villa at @trumpdoral is a hot ticket. so many people dont understand i am a big proponent of vaccines for childrenjust not in one massive dosespread them out over time. @jnicoletti15 even my little one is loving our stay at trump national doral miami. fabulous resort! thanks. @steveleno80 the art of the deal was the 1st book i read of yours and it was n still is a great read. all of ur books r great reads thanks. looking forward to speaking at saturday s @citizens united @afphq freedom summit in manchester. second visit to new hampshire this year. my @newsradio967 interview re jeb bush s absurd immigration comment & @citizens united @afphq freedom summit. @vanillasicks the blue monster is a hella kick ass golf course tho! @realdonaldtrump #mentor thanks. @emiliomasella @realdonaldtrump the more i keep reading the more respect i gain for you thanks. talent hits a target no one else can hit. genius hits a target no one else can see. arthur schopenhauer. @scottvanstory best president during your lifetime? @realdonaldtrump reagan. @abspara we ve spread out our son s vaccines as well. he s all set and no ahem came because of it. great. @redroof65 i have spread out my son s shots over the past 5 years. he is fully vaccinated and ready for kindergarten in september. great. @afcallaeldein @realdonaldtrump just finished think like a billionaire - again.. brilliant thanks. @kirkcameronfan @realdonaldtrump @ddouble j mr trump what book should we read second? never give up -- examples of tenacity. @jsalbertousa: i visited nyc last week and was impressed by all that real estate you have developed in the city. greetings from miami. @ mikey d: @realdonaldtrump run for president in 2016. @philramlet: @trumpdoral @jjcompitgolf just played blue monster today. first group off at 8am. great course!!! phenomenal service!!! @philramlet: @trumpdoral i was!!! our caddy mateo understands customer service... please recognize him mr trump great job mateo thanks! @keithrh: how long do you think the united states will take to recover from our current administration? a long time unless i become pres. @kennicotasks: @realdonaldtrump of all the fellow celebrities you ve met which do you consider to be the most humble? me! @eldycorrea: @realdonaldtrump yes go ahead and run for president. we need you so badly! @teddilocke: @realdonaldtrump absolutely! plz run! bring respect back to the presidency with integrity & good moral standing!! @tingmanusa: @realdonaldtrump: @eldycorrea: @realdonaldtrump yes go ahead and run for president. we need you so badly! yes we do! @martindaryn: @realdonaldtrump what i wouldn t give to see you as president. let s save this sinking ship! @durandsentinus @teddilocke i would vote for you because you believe in and love this country like ronald reagan & the founding fathers did. @happyguy201: i honestly think @realdonaldtrump would fix the mess this country has become. i could and would. @cbreeze65: @realdonaldtrump. the only ob-vious candidate for the right. the don needs to run! it just makes sense. @mason marcucci: you re definitely going to run just admit it. you would wipe the floor with those clueless academics. #realworldsolutions. really looking forward to watching the masters this weekend - one of the greatest shows on earth! @billywmerritt: @realdonaldtrump i am democrat and i would vote for you. #trump2016 thank you! @odedonrealitytv i m not a golf fan at all. i d say @apprenticenbc is one of the greatest shows on earth. #apprentice #celebrityapprentice. @scottienhughes: @realdonaldtrump it falls second to @apprenticenbc in my book & it s not near as competitive! so nice thank you! @abbeyashir: @thequote: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. - donald trump. @rabbitr money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. - donald trump. @jenglelv: @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal changed my life and real estate career. thank you. great! @jenglelv: @realdonaldtrump had a great stay at #trumplasvegas thank you people love it! #tbt on the stage during the emmys performing green acres with megan mullally. into our first week of filming @apprenticenbc the celebrities are already turning up the heat. major fireworks! looking forward to promoting a pro-growth & positive message at this saturdays @citizens united @afphq freedom summit in manchester. if traveling to the windy city to celebrate 100th anniversary of wrigley field @trumpchicago is chicagos #1 hotel. nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. -- ralph waldo emerson. entrepreneurs always remember that every business relationship can lead to greater deals in the future. be sure to cultivate relationships. entrepreneurs keep this in mind: great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. -- albert einstein. congratulations to @stephenathome - i will see you on the show! .@kathomas212 congratulations on joining the finest and fastest growing group of very talented people in the city. you will be great! @lfarotimi: @realdonaldtrump quote you don t have to be ruthless you have to be smart. @globalflare: negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump. @ja: as ive said before @realdonaldtrump has all of the qualifications necessary to be real americas choice for president of the usa!!! @rexarrowfilms: wow. #donaldtrump just hit 90 million...great moment for #tbt :. @sportsmotto: winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. donald trump. @trumpphillygm beautiful sunset last night from the 18th at #trumpnationalphiladelphia. great course! @southpaw816 @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i can t wait have never missed a season. great!! @pellscuse11 @realdonaldtrump i d love to see you as president. you can turn this country around! thanks. @matt grazz @realdonaldtrump @trumpphillygm playing there this weekend #trumpphilly great! @brklynsportgeek just heard you re bidding on @buffalobills. as a buffalo native thank you. my honor. @marksciubbadoe @realdonaldtrump please save the bills from @bonjovi and canada #billsmafia i will try! @mearnest33 agree that you as pres would be a great change but i don t think this country can be turned around in 8 years it can be done! @birkin girl @realdonaldtrump @pellscuse11 not to mention melanie would be a beautiful first lady. i agree! @david in dallas @trumpchicago @realdonaldtrump sir your chicago hotel is beautiful! thanks! it s not enough that we do our best sometimes we have to do what s required. -- winston churchill. #flashbackfriday with mickey rooney @regis and @itstonybennett. learn from yesterday live for today hope for tomorrow. the important thing is not to stop questioning. -- albert einstein. @rustywynnewood: great day at trump national in charlotte. you took a good club and made it great. well done sir. @ben techpro: can t wait to see @realdonaldtrump on #cashinin tomorrow morning. @ericbolling @jonathanhoenig @foxnews. @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump for president! only man who knows how it actually works in politics! thank you! @miorazhari: show me someone without an ego and i ll show you a loser. donald trump. @jethrosteve: @realdonaldtrump @ryanbushby are you considering running mr trump? yes! @jennypowers37: @realdonaldtrump run mr. trump run!! get this country back on track. @jem72133: @weehen82 @realdonaldtrump i look up to him as he is my idol thank you! @sierkmmm: @realdonaldtrump @ben techpro @ericbolling @jonathanhoenig @foxnews i would vote for him watch eric bolling this morning on fox. .@bubbawatson what a great player you have turned out to be but also what a great guy! congratulations on another fantastic masters win. @trumpgolfla: icymi: fantastic commercial @trumpgolfla feat. @jordanspieth & #tombrady thanks @underarmour & @espn. .@jordanspieth great playing at the masters and don t get down jordan you will win many tournaments and many majors! keep working hard. will be doing fox & friends at 7 a.m. 1 hour . enjoy! if the wind will not serve take to the oars. -- latin proverb. the people of ireland are very smartthey just killed an ugly windfarm which would ve hurt tourism @alexsalmond. however beautiful the strategy you should occasionally look at the results. -- winston churchill. @talismanjohnnya @realldonaldtrump love watching ya man...wish you did more on mondays than just 5 minutes or so though.. @foxandfriends. @bahia6085 thanks. i m rewinding it now. always makes my monday to hear trump on @foxandfriends thanks. an appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile hoping it will eat him last. -- winston churchill. on the shores of lake norman @trump charlotte presents the true luxury lifestyle and an elite golf course. big thanks to @david bossie @citizens united & @afphq for hosting me at #nhfreedomsummit. will be back to the granite state soon! my interview with wmurs @joshmcelveen at #nhfreedomsummit. via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites: trump: i would build a border fence like you have never seen before. obama lied when he said you can keep your plan so why would anyone believe his bogus obamacare enrollment numbers?! al sharpton said they are even making it more harder to register people to vote . which is worse his grammar or his thoughts? @chpnaput: donald you need to promote the gilc it is a great event and shows off doonbeg. best resort i have ever stayed at! @jwysocki91: @realdonaldtrump i live in nh and will vote for you in 2016!!! thank you! @garc8509: @realdonaldtrump no don t buy the #buffalobills. buy the #newyorkmets #mets we need a true owner that wants to win!! please! @caledoniangolf: @raven kittycat @alexsalmond why??? do you know how difficult storing harnessing wind generated energy is? impossible. @houst : this book im reading by @realdonaldtrump is truly inspiring. thank you. @dldizel: @cspan: rt @cspanpolitics: video: @realdonaldtrump at #nhfreedomsummit on @cspan. .@alexsalmond - ireland just ended the bird killing wind farm near my great resort on the atlantic ocean. the reason would hurt tourism! @alexsalmond-i have no doubt that you will come to your senses about the costly bird killing and very ugly wind turbines dotting scotland. oscar pistorious the blade runner is as guilty as o.j. i wonder if the result will be the same? @verizonlgg2: i cant save for my retirement anymore. i had to buy health insurance that i can t use. was given one choice. #notachoice! summer s almost here update your business wardrobe with trump signature collection exclusively available @macys. via @unionleader by bill smith: gop rally in manchester fires up party faithful. @dynamicwil: @realdonaldtrump @macys love your ties!! @kennedygaels: thanks for hosting our 5 21 president s dinner @trumpnationalny honoring @ignatiuspress founder fr. joseph fessio & @frdunn. @sashamajerovsky: @realdonaldtrump @dldizel @cspan @cspanpolitics just love hearing you speak because you speak the truth!! thanks! i m convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. --steve jobs. nyc s sole hammam the spa at @trumpsoho offers classic treatments inspired by wellness rituals f around the world. @nickysummer @alexsalmond wind farms are an eyesore all over scotland...ruining the most beautiful parts of our country. a disgrace! true! remember negotiations are fluid. remain calm and dont settle easily. if you have the goods you will ultimately win. on top of the disrespect shown by russia dont forget they still have snowden who has given them & everyone massive us secrets. get snowden back from russiahe has done tremendous damage to the us & should pay a very heavy price. dont toss off your problems and dont dwell on them either. deal with them! think like a champion. happiness is not something ready made. it comes from your own actions. - @dalailama. @neevee31: @billrancic:10 yrs ago i won the 1st season of the apprentice..thank you @realdonaldtrump 4 a life changing event. @priscocbs thank you! @si peterking: why do baseball players slide headfirst? are they just like not smart? great point and also thank you peter! in hudson valley @trumpnationalnys course has pristine fairways tour caliber greens & 64 strategic sand bunkers. obama has changed the census so it will be difficult to measure the effects of o care real data hidden. my office is at yankee stadium. yes dreams do come true. - @yankees captain derek jeter. success breeds success. the best way to impress people is through results. - think like a billionaire. i pick the best locations- @trump charlotte has incredible views of beautiful lake norman. entrepreneurs--always remember that every day counts. stay focused. stay positive and develop momentum. entrepreneurs: identify your goals know precisely what you want to achieve. then study the best people in your field and learn from them. entrepreneurs: have your own vision and stick with it. dont be afraid to be unique. dont tread water--get out there and go for it. @going4thegreen @realdonaldtrump s int l course in scotland. ian andrew proclaims the robe the best i ve ever worn. that s awesome. thx. @kerps80 @trumpchicago @cnjohansens absolutely love the trump in chicago! the view from the bar is incredible!! thank you. @jimmy arellano the best thing that could happen to new york sports is @realdonaldtrump buying the bills thanks. @nflcommish. @alertora27 if @realdonaldtrump does buy the buffalo bills they could become a winning team in the near future thanks. @nflcommish. @andyleetweets: i d rather @realdonaldtrump run for president than buy our football team. interesting point! @sherrymcmurry @realdonaldtrump great interview on #hannity. thank you. @elliereynolds4 trump 2016!!! @realdonaldtrump rocked it on @seanhannity #gop #president2016 thank you. @michael haz donald why dont you go out to nevada & cut a deal for #clivebundy? no one is a better deal maker than you. go do it! true! @nowthatouimet if trump is serious about buying the #bills & keeping them in buffalo sign me up. hes a game-changer. thx @nflcommish. @cknikita i d love donald trump to buy the @buffalobills and also run for our president! #super deal #double #win win! thx.@nflcommish. the price of greatness is responsibility. -- winston churchill. @david bossie keep the bills in buffalo. @realdonaldtrump can save them. would be a great nfl owner! @nflcommish. entrepreneurs: ask yourself is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? and your equilibrium will be kept in check if when hard times hit. via @njcomsomerset by @wobriensomerset: @tigerwoods brings charity golf playoffs totrump nat l bedminster. my @foxnews interview w @seanhannity. my speech from last saturdays @citizens united @afphq #nhfreedomsummit via @cspan. america is at a great disadvantage. putin is ex-kgb obama is a community organizer. unfair. @mikeeread if @realdonaldtrump buys the #bills please don t take them out of buffalo! i won t. @nflcommish. @antonhomann i ve really come to like @piersmorgan - probably @realdonaldtrump s best #celebapprentice he was smart and tough! @tpgraf82 @realdonaldtrump we know you would make a great president but talk about a beautiful first lady! so true! @melaniatrump. @owenfetnon @realdonaldtrump you buying the bills would be a dream come true! thank you so much. @nflcommish. @johnnydevine137 i m all for donald trump owning the bills. give trump a chance and watch the donald trump the competition. @nflcommish. always fun to read the @newyorkobserver investigative piece re @agschneiderman his mascara and more! #tbt wrestlemania 23. @hereisdami: rt @realdonaldtrump: the price of greatness is responsibility. -- winston churchill. @laydeeprivatier: @realdonaldtrump i enjoyed your speech at the republican convention in new hampshire immensely! thank you! oscar pistorious is guilty as hell! @bseybolt11 if @realdonaldtrump buys the @buffalobills and keeps them in buffalo he ll become a legend. @nflcommish. @df387 @realdonaldtrump buy the @buffalobills we need proven success. @nflcommish. @eric alon you buying @buffalobills would be the biggest thing since they were in 4 straight super bowls. great for them & @nfl @nflcommish. @brettjamess @realdonaldtrump you will be the savior of the city of buffalo. please buy the bills @nflcommish. cbo now estimates that over 2.5m will lose jobs directly because of obamacare. repeal now before it is too late. remember if you dont sell yourself no one else will. make sure the public friends & the business community hears about your success. the harder you work the harder it is to surrender. - @profootballhof @buffalobills head coach marv levy. why did pres obama remove sanctions against iran prior to negotiating rather than completing successful negotiation & then remove sanctions? the west coast s most luxurious public course @trumpgolfla features spectacular panoramic pacific ocean views. obamacare enrollment lie: obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts. nasty for the middle class electricity prices surged to an all-time high this past march frack now. i was always a big fan of kim novak and still ama wonderful actress. @mjohnstonxoxo my favorite part of school is watching the first season of the apprentice in business tech. great! @luciab1 @realdonaldtrump congrats on having 4 of top 5 golf courses in south florida thank you. @jywjr as much as buffalo respected & loved mr. wilson it would bring excitement & prestige to have mr. trump own the bills. @nflcommish. i will be working late into the evening closing a big real estate dealsoon to be announced. happy easter and or holiday to all. @stephencur: first night in @realdonaldtrump hotel in doonbeg. great location accommodation and food. i think donald is onto a winner. @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump a very happy blessed easter to you mr. trump. thank you and you also! remember russia still has snowden. when are we going to bring that piece of human garbage back home to stand trial? he caused great damage! @t fox8: @realdonaldtrump for president the only quasi-politician who knows anything about how to run stuff. @j1en @realdonaldtrump as my mentor and some1 i looked up to while in college in buffalo i think you should purchase the team. @nflcommish. @tiffanypearls: @realdonaldtrump i ll be up the street tonight at emanu-el. sending prayers up for your continued success. #trump2016. @ tamx0: @realdonaldtrump in love with your hotel toronto location. @ribkamaria1: rt @pursuitist: stunning hotel! trump international hotel & tower chicago. @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago. i give secretary of state john kerry credit for working and trying hard but he has zero negotiating ability! @humphreychabu: @realdonaldtrump thanx djt ua my inspiration! happy holidays. @rwill9584: @realdonaldtrump buying the bills would be the best thing for not only the team but for the city of buffalo! @nflcommish. @weaverfever12: everyone i know in western new york wants @realdonaldtrump to be the bills next owner. @nflcommish. snowden is a spy who has caused great damage to the u.s. a spy in the old days when our country was respected and strong would be executed. @renovacion: @realdonaldtrump i d love to see you up against putin. it d be quite a match! i would win! @helfystyle: @realdonaldtrump you ve got my vote for anything. i m ready to go to work! thank you. @generaltso316: @realdonaldtrump i have two of your ties and they are better quality than ties i own that cost 125. at macy s great. @welles19: @realdonaldtrump @renovacion moscow s bully is no match for brooklyn s finest. trump by tko any day. @eaikenz: @realdonaldtrump @renovacion putin may be smart but he doesn t have the art of the deal! @mrjpl: an aussie @trumpwaikiki such an amazing place. well done @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump & happy easter. @wen @realdonaldtrump why aren t you one of the sharks on #sharktank? you would be awesome on there!! but the apprentice is much better! @markmilliken21: @realdonaldtrump @generaltso316 i own a few dt ties from macy s best ties i ever purchased...good stuff!! thanks. @kennymacaskill1: @realdonaldtrump when are you starting the second golf course at trump international links #balmedie? no wind turbines. @johntisdall: @realdonaldtrump you owe it to this country go for it you can fix it i definitely can! @frankadgpr: @realdonaldtrump i recently heard you talked and acted like a billionaire before you became a billioanire. interesting. have to go now to sign a great and job producing deal! good night. @ccpliberty: @ricknichols3: @realdonaldtrump time to get businessmen in dc instead of politicians. trump for pres! @angelofleven: @realdonaldtrump where do you get your energy from? unbelievable. maybe sell the ingredients? i wish i could! @cameronm : i would vote @realdonaldtrump as president! @frankpro frank you are making a mistake. no one will do a better job than me and team would stay in buffalo. @ tamx0: best customer service at the trump hotel @realdonaldtrump. @sirwilliam @realdonaldtrump @frankpro the bills need someone not afraid to take chances. mr.trump you have 100 of my support! @nflcommish. @cinderellaman2: ! @realdonaldtrump explains #obamacare perfectly. @alexdub182821: im pretty sure the new stadium project would get a kick in the ass if @realdonaldtrump was the new owner. true. @nflcommish. @tomko13: if @realdonaldtrump buys the bills they will win the super bowl within 5 years. #buytheeagles @nflcommish. @ncbillsfan the bills need someone that will not take piss poor performance! mr. trump is the man! great things will happen! @nflcommish. @billsmafia you would be an excellent owner and bring winning back to a great organization and the best fans out there! @nflcommish. @billsmafia g107 @suew777 i completely agree. i think @realdonaldtrump would be an excellent owner and wouldn t accept losing! @nflcommish. @suew777 words i never expected to say in this lifetime....i hope mr.trump buys the bills. i think its the best for team&fans! @nflcommish. @canizalvania: donald trump will never ever get old. ever. wow what a nice thing to say! @madg0d: buffalo has one great donald trump - doctor at roswell park cancer institute - we need another @realdonaldtrump ! @nflcommish. @colin: mr. trump please buy our precious #buffalobills with jim kelly. you two know what the team means to #wny. love it! @nflcommish. @gileshenley: @lukemckinney i read your @realdonaldtrump article and reread the old one. #brilliant as usual! so colorful! thank you! @irondan 93: no matter what the occasion you always feel confident in a @realdonaldtrump button down #almostgraduating great good luck. happy easter - have a great day! @mikevargovich: you see what youve gone and done @bonjovi? im rooting for @realdonaldtrump. #bills #keeptheminbuffalo @nflcommish. @wadar1969: @realdonaldtrump do u think our government still has the gold they say they have in colorado ft knox etc. i doubt it sadly! @arbruins: @penows @canizalvania obama is a horrible leader can t get anyone to agree on anything. i believe trump is for real thank you. @cedwardsmedia: @realdonaldtrump @canizalvania nah hell get old but hell age like fine wine. wow nice! @ymatthews956: when are you going to give us the big news about your new real estate deal? looking forward to hearing about it! soon! @srwmichellej: @realdonaldtrump and i have the same birthday...always praying i can emulate his business saavy. #geminisweare. @hrguyserchia: @totalsportsnews @nfl @buffalobills @realdonaldtrump go donald! i am with you! @nflcommish. thanks. look snowden is bad done tremendous damage to our country and standing - but we have far worse in our government guess who? . @joshua weaver : the @nfl needs the @realdonaldtrump! happy easter! @nflcommish. @salon:krugman furious with msnbc: why don t they just hire donald trump and be done with it? and their ratings would go way up and fast! @mike carrion99: uwere rightthe chinese respect smart ppl like urselfbut they and evry1 laughs @ obama.plz run in 16 you re strong. @906reynolds: donald trump is a leader and savvy businessman two qualities we lack and desperately need in dc. thank you happy easter! @wasimperviz: @realdonaldtrump when will we see you again in @wwe? soon! @fenitaayu1: i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don t know everything. donald trump. huffington post is just upset that i said its purchase by aol has been a disaster and that arianna huffington is ugly both inside and out! @mikem @realdonaldtrump who the heck is arianna huffington anyway? shouldn t somebody check her green card if that even matters anymore ? @prayformetoo: @realdonaldtrump i detest @ariannahuff with a passion! and for good reason she is a complete phoney! @lisamills62: @realdonaldtrump you re so successful & admirable yet your greatest masterpiece remains your awesome children! thanks! i will be doing fox & friends at 7 15 minutes . enjoy it and your day! @2letters1number:i ve been watching youtube videos on @warrenbuffett @billgates & @realdonaldtrump all day. feeling really inspired. great. obama through his cronies said the keysyone pipeline was not political - how much can one man lie about even the most obvious things? @coachofspin my cousin working with j. nicklaus to make ferry point one of the best golf courses! will be great! true! @jacknicklaus. @yvonnecr @realdonaldtrump please lets have kim novak on celebrity apprentice she would be great i agree! @andrewzufel @realdonaldtrump you would rejuvenate the entire city of buffalo if you bought the bills & kept them in wny. @nflcommish. @josegonzalez 69 @realdonaldtrump if you buy the team it would win the superbowl! @nflcommish. @frohawkmahdude i liked @realdonaldtrump but the more u tweet the more i love you man. #trumpsbills #billsmafia @nflcommish. @ivankatrump: trump estates dubai unlike anything else in the region via @aawsat eng by musaid al-zayani. just finished another week of filming @apprenticenbc. this season a record 14th is shaping up to be the best yet. .@njpga club of the year trump natl bedminster is nj s top family country club with two award winning courses. we all know that chess is a game of strategy. so is business. - think like a champion. a storied franchise with a loyal fanbase @buffalobills should remain in buffalo. the biggest winner of obamas 08 win --- vladimir putin. ultimately he could be tied with iran after tehran becomes a nuclear power. obama told medvedev after the 12 reelect he would have more flexibility. it was music to putins ears. if america unlocked its energy potential we would once again be the most powerful country in the world. washington is holding us back. there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. - margaret thatcher. after thousands lost and spending two trillion dollars iraq i told you so is imploding. really dumb pols put us and kept us there-so sad! once the tragic mistake of going into iraq was made we should have at least taken the oil or at least some of it . now iran & china get it. @ssalame11: @realdonaldtrump you are a god !!! of real estate a great compliment and true - thanks! @denzen: @realdonaldtrump first rule of success a great big ego! still love you mr trump and cannot wait for celebrity @apprenticenbc. @chuck kelly13 @frankpro @harvickfan 4 he is a damn good businessman and a wise investor. i d say he d run a great team. @nflcommish. @tlwhitney1 @realdonaldtrump @nflcommish would give the city hope .. would give bills fans hope for a promising team. @ragtopgirl12 @realdonaldtrump my son would be ecstatic!! bills fan from 5 years old! @nflcommish. @hitoden sir i ve always respected you. i was born & raised in buffalo & would love you as owner of the @buffalobills @nflcommish. @cturner77 @realdonaldtrump @jimkellyinc would make a winning team as owners of the bills.let s do this! go bills! #billsmafia @nflcommish. @nickvitello the @realdonaldtrump brand is based on success and being a winner. just what the @buffalobills need! @nflcommish. @helmzyy @realdonaldtrump if you would buy the team that would be awesome! just an extra win for my squad: @nflcommish. @chuck kelly1 i m not even a #bills fan and i know they belong here! devout fans trump owned #buffalove4life @nflcommish. fifth avenues most iconic building @trumptowerny features trump grill nestled in the corner of the atrium. with two champion style courses @trumpgolfdc graces 600 rolling acres along the peaceful and scenic potomac river. think big set your vision high and go for it. you ll be shocked by what you can accomplish when you do. - midas touch. understand that difficulties mistakes and setbacks are an inevitable part of business and life...but always look for the opportunities. get the big picture--but be prepared for the picture to change. where there s a will there s a win. think positively! congratulations to @bostonpolice on yesterdays successful and safe @bostonmarathon. the entire country is proud. last thursday obama said investing in infrastructure would improve our economy for the long term the next day he again stopped keystone. rep. stephen lynch d-ma said there s all of these taxes and fees that are the tough medicine..it s going to hit the fan re obamacare. the nypd surveillance program kept nyc safe since 9 11. there will be tragic consequences for ending it. china is closing a massive oil deal w russia taking advantage of the ukraine conflict smart unlike our leaders. you measure your people and you take action on those that don t measure up. - @jack welch. @brucebeck4ny: all eyes on @realdonaldtrump @mga1897 press conference for 99th met open at spectacular trump bedminster! see you there b! @golfcarannie: @brucebeck4ny @mga1897 trump bedminster is truly special. but then again all of trump s courses are ! thank you ann marie! always remember sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make! @rawrlance: word on the street is @brandiglanville and @kenyamoore are both on #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump is that true? yes! @craigporritt: @realdonaldtrump vote donald for president 2016. thanks. .@mcilroyrory thanks for your nice note - they love you at trump national doral. you are looking good - will have a great year! @danica2013: @realdonaldtrump needs to run for the 2016 presidential election. intelligent & knows what he s doing. #gotmyvote #newamerica. @mikewarner1976: @realdonaldtrump @buffalobills please make this happen !!! @nflcommish. @adeezy101: @realdonaldtrump are you just going to complain about it? or are you going to make a difference in 2016? just watch! the way president obama runs down the stairs of air force 1 hopping & bobbing all the way is so inelegant and unpresidential. do not fall! @jeniferstevens: someone needs to start ramping up the dialogue about all this.... i nominate you and would vote for you in a hearbeat. @robhammond11: @buffalobills anyone who houses the great jim kelly in a time of need can be trusted with this franchise it was my honor! interesting how president obama is flying around in a boeing 747 on so-called earth day! @youngsellz4: @realdonaldtrump you d be a great president mr.trump thank you the world would no longer look at us as fools! @leetimlin0511: i just want @realdonaldtrump to buy my bills! perfect man for the perfect club nflcommish. @financeturd: @realdonaldtrump you have many more followers on twitter than mark cuban i also have far greater wealth and athleticism! @jorourke8: @realdonaldtrump your the greatest man on earth so nice thank you! @mike ginett: @realdonaldtrump #america needs a true businessman to run this nation. you. i agree thanks! @rhino848484: @realdonaldtrump and a better tv show. @apprenticenbc #1 you make great tv mr trump thanks. @gabepaul58: @realdonaldtrump would be the next best in guy next to ralph to own a franchise like the @buffalobills @nflcommish. @tarheelfullback: @realdonaldtrump you would make an amazing president! thanks. @terrell87: mr. trump if you ran the country what s the #1 thing you d put in place to improve matters in the united states? jobs! @aaszkler: @realdonaldtrump @christinestergi president trump now that would make putin wet himself! @polishprince21: @realdonaldtrump i think you would be a great president but a better nfl owner...especially the buffalo bills! @nflcommish. @kingmeeetch: @realdonaldtrump celebrity business man or politician? who cares you re damn good at all three. on rugged aberdeenshire coastline@trumpscotlands par 72 course is 7400 picturesque yds. threaded through dunes. to be a visionary you have to chase impossibilities. few ever get rich easily. - think like a billionaire. the city of buffalo is struggling. moving the @buffalobills would be catastrophic. the bills belong in buffalo! new yorkers will get a chance to see a film for free this summer from @attnyc and @tribecafilmfest. my choice? citizen kane #filmforall. no surprise assad is not destroying his chemical weapons. he never intended to in the first place. @sjleith @realdonaldtrump @trumpscotland a truly great course. best i have played in scotland. thank you. @mrjamesdavidson @trumpscotland very proud to say i live a few miles from this and supported this project from day one. thanks james! @richrobins0n i love trump because he actually says whats on his mind not what the people want to hear. thats why hes a leader thanks. @mondrian70 the donald would be huge boost for the #nfl. such an icon! i know it would be a huge boost to the franchise & nfl. @nflcommish. @sundayhorse @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfdc love a view without those damn turbines. they make ppl sick. true. @ricktimlick in grade 7 while others wrote book reports on fairy tales mine was on the art of the deal! always admired you. thanks. @petegagliardo seeing how excited trump is about the bills is awesome. we deserve to have someone committed to keeping the bills in buffalo. @christinestergi what s wrong with everyone. mr trump will kick ass as president. economy will flourish. thanks and true! @yosoyroberto @realdonaldtrump congratulations for taking some time to answer tweets awesome example of planning and scheduling! thanks. the obamacare enrollment numbers are a lie.they will be readjusted by the white house at an opportune time probably after 14 election. use adverse events and monumental challenges to make you stronger. - think big. i m not afraid of failing. i don t like to fail. i hate to fail. but i m not afraid of it. - @vincemcmahon. @andreatantaros it was great to see you - say hi to all! @emilymistretta: i love when @realdonaldtrump tweets #. @allamervet: mr. t pls buy the #nytimes and turn it around for the truth! these lib papers r cowards in challenging this admin. @tumi architect: learning to listen to my gut was the best thing i ve ever done for myself. inspired by @realdonaldtrump #thinkbig great. @kimkardarshian3: @realdonaldtrump u afraid of getting #poor always have been! @ryanpaolucci: @realdonaldtrump please buy the bills nflcommish. @wheresjose: had the pleasure to perform for mr.trump tonite & told him the world is a better place because of his contributions great job! south korea is absolutely killing us on trade deals. their surplus vs u.s. is massive - and we pay for their protection. who negotiates? @mrjamesdavidson @trumpscotland not at all! the hassle you are getting have had is truly disgraceful thanks but it is working out great! @bahia6085 @ricktimlick the art of the deal is a fairy tale come true. dreams can come true. nice! @gregwallace66 hey @trump charlotte is hosting @rustywallace golf classic on 5 19 benefiting @nascar fdn. rusty will have a great day! @peterf101 i wish #donaldtrump @realdonaldtrump would run for president i think he would be a great one. thank you. @missycombs @realdonaldtrump idiots! that s who negotiates. c mon trump..america needs you! thanks. @mikhiett this is what you have done its called perseverance. now persevere to the white house! #trump2016 nice! @antonvonclouse i still have articles from following some of your 80 s moves & the trump game... i was the original apprentice! great! w a newly expanded 27 holes of golfing trump intl.palm beach is ranked by florida golf magazine as fls #1 course. thank you @hautelivingmag for naming @trumpdoral the #1 golf course in miami. as i predicted obama already caught lying on ocare enrollment # by cbo whos sticking w 6 million enrollments. get to know yourself.you cant improve upon something you dont understand.the more you ask the better you ll know. vince lombardi. once you know you love your job never stop and never give up. think like a billionaire. worry destroys focus. think big. #tbt as a young man when i proposed the convention center in new york city. @joesimpson kbbn i m a lifelong bills fan. @realdonaldtrump please save this franchise! we re ready to win! @nflcommish #billsmafia. @vinnymalpica @realdonaldtrump please buy the bills @nflcommish #billsmafia. @mc people need to start looking up to the real role models such as donald trump and warren buffett........@realdonaldtrump @warrenbuffett. @rustywallace: @gregwallace66 @trump charlotte @nascar fdn thanks-i m really looking forward to it. you have a beautiful course! n.y.times headline states obama suffers setbacks in japan trade deal. can somebody please tell him that with all they sell us we have cards. @murciahole13: @realdonaldtrump sir our country could be great once more with you as president. you re hired! thanks! @blissfuldestiny: @realdonaldtrump is always right when it comes to political views!! pro trump. @dallasnews: ex-cowboys rb herschel walker: like jerry jones donald trump would be a great nfl owner. @nflcommish. @yune dwi2: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. - donald trump so true! @bossbuza: @realdonaldtrump for president! @ramkindaguy: @realdonaldtrump speaks the truth #trumpforprez2016. @obio @realdonaldtrump of course we have cards. unfortunately we also have a community organizer not a seasoned businessman as president! we allow japan to sell us millions of cars with zero import tax and we can t make a trade deal with them - our country is in big trouble! @61yellowjacket love @theapprentice inspirational awesome businessman teacher & great role model for all generations thank you. the only @forbes five-star & @fivediamond hotel in nyc @trumpnewyork is the definition of luxury the best! if you have passion confidence resilience & vision you could become an entrepreneur. add focus to the list & you re off to a good start. @warrencasselljr: @realdonaldtrump is the world s greatest developer. he s the rockefeller of this generation. thank you! isn t it ironic that china is going all in nuclear for energy while at the same time making wind turbines for others. @alexsalmond. president obama is losing on so many fronts in fact all fronts that i am concerned he will do something totally irrational. he can t lead! @jacobniermeyer: donald trump will forever be mac miller s best song. true - he will never have another one to compete! @deannaspillyard: @realdonaldtrump obama makes george w. bush look like the brightest crayon in the box. @jonathanafrye: passion is the start confidence vision & focus are the steps & resilience is the last mile to entrepreneurial success. i will be doing fox & friends at 7.00 - will be discussing the the donald sterling clippers mess! @jimmolton: @realdonaldtrump great job on fox and friends ! thanks. .@trumpdorals red course redesign is underway. will be completed in september. follow all the developments. watch this amazing ad from @autismspeaks and learn the signs. putin has shown the world what happens when america has weak leaders. peace through strength! obamas 2014 budget eyes 1 trillion hike in tax revenue he loves taxes. t-e-a. taxed enough already. is everyone enjoying obamacares 21 new 2014 taxes? its obamas special gift added on to your rising premium. young entrepeneurs: think big stay motivated & always remain confident. the sky is the limit. it is amazing that after lambasting donald sterling on @foxandfriends some dishonest press only reported my girlfriend from hell statement! a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back. never underestimate the power of greatness! @reddicktr @realdonaldtrump @autismspeaks im a autism mom my son loves you bunches great--say hi to him! @balango212 donald j. trump my biggest inspirational in life. thank you. @sharonwilcox13 @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas are you running for president? you should. thank you. it is also amazing how comments can be edited to provide statements that are used in a knowingly incorrect manner. its important to listen to what people say. horrible and disgusting are the words i used in response to sterlings comments. dopey @ariannahuff should force her reporters to be accurateif she has that power. just to show you how dishonest certain reporters are here is my @foxandfriends interview-. @foxesba i knew the mainstream media was going to selectively hear what you were saying as i listened to your interview. so did i! @michaelgferrara i don t agree with you most of the time - but people are absolutely twisting your comments to suit their agenda thx--true. .@jamieaydt happy birthday jamie! @pgaofamerica & @realdonaldtrump to announce major golf news at news conference on thursday may 1 - 11 a.m. et. at trump tower stay tuned! @paul1994loan they should quote you word for word if they are going to use what you said selective editing is very unfair true. the premier landmark in midtown nyc trump tower features our signature amenities w a magnificent waterfall. @ckiker22 @howardstern looks like @realdonaldtrump needs to call in to the @sternshow two of howard s all time top 5. commissioner adam silver made a strong and very wise decision concerning donald sterling. @meep swizzle: my 666th tweet goes out to @realdonaldtrump you are the man sir #keepenterprising great! @datriggakeithh: donald trump has 90595800 views. damn can i have that one day? @media2commerce: as long as you re going to be thinking anyway think big. donald trump. @cassiewellkid: i think donald trump should run for president thank you we sure do need someone - and fast! @datriggakeithh: @realdonaldtrump: @datriggakeithh: donald trump has 90595800 views. damn can i have that one day? @macmiller. @scott marx: @realdonaldtrump run for president and save this nation from corrupt politics! #trumpforpresident. @joefraga: i saw your interview yesterday & agree 100 . disgusted how reporters are misconstruing your words. flat out lies by them. @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump i m glad to see you come out strong against sterling today. typical trump a strong voice. it will now start to cool down concerning sterling and the clippers. this mess will start to fade after litigation into the murky past! @mrbc 3 @golfdigestmag - the donald gets his men s major: 2022 pga going to trump bedminster will be amazing! @pgachampionship. @debysinghcindy i have to express the great speech you gave us in march at the trump doral golf tournament. momentum! thanks. concentration comes out of a combination of confidence and hunger. - arnold palmer. getting ready for some big news with my friends at @pgaofamerica. announced w @pgaofamerica that we will bring @seniorpgachamp to @trumpgolfdc & @pgachampionship to trump bedminster. excited to host two great championships at two of our best properties @seniorpgachamp at trump dc & @pgachampionship at trump bedminster. via @bbcnews: us property tycoon donald trump confirms turnberry buy. @golfdigestmag: forget jack and arnie tiger and phil. the master of the golf universe is now donald trump. wow! @golfdigestau: turnberry. thanks donald trump for giving us a reason to show it. @newscomauhq @dailytelegraph. @lovelyfighter8: loved my engagement lunch at @trumpgolfla @realdonaldtrump great! @spabusinessmag: .@realdonaldtrump to create us 200m hotel & spa in the old post office washington dc. @keegster51: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! we need a competent leader so i can find a job after college! #trump2016. @kerricj: @gopthinker: @realdonaldtrump i still believe you would have beaten obama lmao i do also! @janecat60: offensive to @joeho & @realdonaldtrump windfarms via @kathviner @alexsalmond. @pbenza: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @golfdigestau @newscomauhq @dailytelegraph thanks donald! turnberry will be better than ever! @marco reid: @realdonaldtrump @janecat60 @joeho @kathviner @alexsalmond way to destroy a view... wow vanity fair was totally shut out at the national magazine awards - it got nothing. graydon carter is a loser with bad food restaurants! will be doing interview on @golfchannel at 8.00 this morning. will be talking about getting the great pga championship & senior pga etc. obamacare not only has brought higher premiums decreased care & loss of jobs but now .1 q1 growth. repeal before it is too late! china will now pass our economy this year way ahead of projections. pres. obama chinas greatest asset! with @vanityfair circulation and advertising revenue doing so badly rumor has it that dopey graydon carter is going to resign? he should. @tweetingautism please support our #autismmayday campaign highlighting unmet medical needs of people with #autism rt. @thayne spinks: if i don t see @realdonaldtrump in office in the next decade i am moving costal and never returning. we need a leader. @franmfarber: if anyone can turn around this country and create jobs it s @realdonaldtrump it will not even be difficult. negotiations 101: the best deals you can make are the ones you walk away from...and then get them with better terms. never make a concession during negotiations that could lead to more demands. be prudent. it s best to have your concessions predetermined. via @breitbartsports by @warnerthuston: donald trump buys four-time british @the open golf course. @salpie @realdonaldtrump and how many of the jobs report uptick is due to feds hiring #obamacare exchange temps! good question. ? @benedwards55 i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president probably true! @imalivearuis i plan on becoming just as successful and big as @realdonaldtrump in business. great--work hard! @pgachampionship @seniorpgachamp both headed to trump courses via @foxnews. @garyplayer congratulations on your acquisition of turnberry resort. spectacular place. fond memories. my best. gp thanks gary! @sharkgregnorman congrats on purchase of iconic turnberry.great course & a special place for me.@the open 1986 thx greg our great winner! @darhowklo cnn said you supported sterling but then when they showed the quote i thought no he doesn t! cnn lied! @dardonyc16 you bought turnberry? you own 2 best courses resorts in scotland world now! you re a legend! get a kilt now! i ll have to! @dotson jordan love the confidence that @realdonaldtrump has. that s what makes a great leader thank you. @aa94javy cant wait for 2016 so tired of this weak adm policy at home n foreign even worse. america deserves better we can do better true! a feature on the progress of the course @ #trump int l #golf club will feature on @cnnlivinggolf thurs 8 may 2014 @ 0930 & 1630 gmt #damac. weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character.-- albert einstein. @fink13 @golfvoyager @shannonairport looking forward to hearing from donald trump at press conference in shannon on mon 12th may me too. @slees1705 as a turnberry member congrats on yr purchase.will there still be a place & role for members in future? absolutely! see u there. #flashbackfriday at military academy- second from left. @mrsfrazieraz @realdonaldtrump on our way to trump international las vegas! it s our favorite place to stay! #trumplasvegas thanks. @matteastwood say what you will about trump but he sure is amassing a hell of a collections of golf courses! true the best in the world. seth myers is so unnatural and uncomfortable doing his show that you have to feel sorry for him. bad interviewer marbles in his mouth! .@sethmeyers seth can t help it - he is really trying hard but just doesn t have what it takes. very awkward and insecure! @ xx alesa: i know mine for 2016 and you ve my vote @realdonaldtrump please get our country back where it belongs. please!!! thanks. @kennokevin: @realdonaldtrump you should run for president in 2016 and have @vincemcmahon as your running mate. cute! @mcat7189x: @realdonaldtrump @sethmeyers seth should just play the best of fallon. his show is a cure for insomnia. so true! @buff1414: @realdonaldtrump @sethmeyers enough donnie. stop busting the guys balls. why he s a total loser! @beltex63: @realdonaldtrump america needs donald trump let s put our country back on top in 2016!! @andigriffin: @realdonaldtrump @sethmeyers give him time! you grew into@apprenticenbc .. gotta get into your groove #betterhappensoon. @bryanbruce: @realdonaldtrump remember how awkward chevy chase was on his short lived talk show? but he was better than @sethmeyers. @johnstoli: @realdonaldtrump nbc relies too much on an out of touch lorne michaels. @natalie gulbis: donald trump buys turnberry via @espngolf great job on apprentice natalie. @golfdigestmag: like it or not the new master of the golf universe is donald trump. wow thank you ron! @jaybthomas: @realdonaldtrump @williamcarneyii meyers is hard to watch @sethmeyers. @pawsar @realdonaldtrump mr.trump when are you going to run for president of the united states? we need someone with a backbone and brains. @nikkio: @golfdigestmag donald loves the game is a perfectionist and master builder - every project is his personal masterpiece. @horher: @benedwards55 i believe the only way out of this soon to be economic disaster is to vote trump as our next president. @drewmadeoff: rt @realdonaldtrump circulation @ record low. spy mag also failed under graydon. @vanityfair magazine. @drewmadeoff: rt @realdonaldtrump does @vanityfair realize that the purpose of a magazine is to sell issues? @danscavino: .@ronwhittengd awesome to read!! i told you that - great piece in recognizing @realdonaldtrump s impact on #golf! have a great weekend everyone and for those of you that are young entrepreneurs have fun but never stop thinking of the task ahead- victory. @jayrit @realdonaldtrump reading an all time favorite trump the art of the deal! must read for the go getter make it happen entrepreneurs! @double a2011: yoo @beyonce and jayz on the runtour tickets are way to high they think everywhere got donald trump money not good. @noe donald trump: #raffaelesollecito was unfairly convicted. he didnt kill anyone. the italian government should be ashamed. #innocent. there must be a higher standard of accuracy in the media. incredible that some so-called journalists can make up lies and get away with it. the reporter that called kevin durant mr. unreliable should be fired or at least apologize. he is a truly great player and a winner! floyd mayweather is being beaten up badly through 10 rounds by marcos maidana but announcers say it is even. two rounds left. mayweather is getting absolutely killed! fight is over - mayweather lost big - but lets see what judges say! no way judges say mayweather won. investigation should take place. fix? the mayweather decision is a disgrace! crowd is booing the hell out of that phony decision - place is angry and going wild. fight was not even close! disgusting. no wonder boxing is close to dead! the ring announcers are working hard to justify the mayweather victory. they should be ashamed of themselves! a total joke. @trumpgolfdc congrats to my great members at trump national dc on our club having been chosen to host the 2017 pga senior championship! @missuniversehom: @missuniverse @realdonaldtrump gabriela isler #beautiful #thebest gabriela is doing a great job! i will be doing fox & friends in 10 minutes at 7.00. many things to talk about! enjoy. @shawnquinnsh1: @realdonaldtrump run donald run!!!! @grinderswitch: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends donald run please you can fix this mess. @mattseba: @realdonaldtrump wonderful ideals on @foxandfriends . we need a phenomenal president like you! @anastasiasoula7: @realdonaldtrump listen to your daughter! run for prez! @keithwhittingt1: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump plaza take your daughters advice! @carsonmotz: @realdonaldtrump you are my inspiration. thank you! @bigthasyourback: @realdonaldtrump spot on about the media! honestly just run 4 prez! many will support u! more than u expect! thanks. @iamsloany: @realdonaldtrump you are my hero so nice thanks. @iamsloany: @realdonaldtrump the only thing we need is you too run!! we can be great again. @iamsloany: @realdonaldtrump you are the president we need!! thanks. @dineroworkceo: @realdonaldtrump your a great inspiration to a lot of people!! including myself! thank you. @old vanessag: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!! @glamorousteam: @realdonaldtrump love u!!! genius! have a nice day! thanks. @beltex63: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i think the twitterverse has confirmed they want a 2016 run that can make a real difference-true. @thechrismcqueen: @realdonaldtrump dear sir. please run. america needs you thank you or country can be great again! @idsoutherl @realdonaldtrump conservatives can t afford to be sidelined again they need a viable candidate for the wh... run donald run!! @slbernard1: @realdonaldtrump @iamsloany plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz run for president that would so awesome.... @rockenmoma: @realdonaldtrump bring the honesty to the white house. even @ivankatrump thinks you should! #2016. @larkin dotty: @realdonaldtrump i admire u so much. u would make a great prez...please run! @leonard @realdonaldtrump even the irish are routing for you to become president. also congrats on doonbeg golf course. #trumpforpresident. @musedsuccess: @realdonaldtrump we need a business oriented man in office! run! you ve got my vote! @bethandersonesq: you make this country great & inspire younger generations to become better. you are the american story. thank you beth. @bss8888: @realdonaldtrump simple as that #trumpforpresident. @61webhead: @realdonaldtrump you could reverse the us economy and unemployment in less than 6 mo as prez! #wewanttrump. @imfrangtastic: @realdonaldtrump would take this country in the right direction. #usa #trumpforpresident. with the worlds top amenities @trumptos luxury residential condominiums provide the ultimate toronto lifestyle. celebrated for its room views by @luxtravelexpert @trumpchicago soars a luxurious 92 stories over the windy city. @rjbachor @howardstern has said for years this country needs a businessman to run it like the biz it is. i think you d be great true & thx. congrats to barack obama on aprils job report. over 800000 left the work force w average hourly wages & weekly hours staying flat. bad! over 90 of american workers could lose their healthcare by 2020 thanks to obamacare. repeal before it is too late! @carbuccia you have a cool name for a president donald j. trump.. i ll pick you as a winner in any race! @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump thx. do not underestimate yourself and know you are able to handle what comes your way. think like a champion. this guy @sethmeyers cant do a simple interviewsaw him the other night stumbling & mumbling while trying to interview a guest. @jamieemingg: @realdonaldtrump #trumpforpresident #trump2016. @frogchip10: @realdonaldtrump should run for president! what a great vote to make! thank you. @bguzqueda: @realdonaldtrump great #cincodemayo to one of the best americans! #latinamerica follows u always ! @baitedtrap: @realdonaldtrump @thechrismcqueen america needs to be put back in the hands of america. reclaim this country of ours! @thepodiumeffect: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. donald trump. just had a great legal victory in ft. lauderdale -- won trial -- now will receive tremendous in legal fees from losers. love it! aside from having no ratings sleazy ed schultz lied about what i said. thank you scott whitlock @scottjw. do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best. -- andrew carnegie. the road to success is always under construction. -- arnold palmer. we will never have great national security in the age of computers - too many brilliant nerds can break codes the old days were better . won 5000000 against miss pennsylvania sheena monnin for her terrible and untrue statements about miss usa pageant. not a nice person! either miss pennsylvania will pay her father will pay or her lawyers will pay. she hurt many people! @davidbarringer4 for the record trump ties are the best ties i have ever owned. high quality and very appealing thanks. designed by @ivankatrump @trumpdorals new villa deluxe guestrooms include vintage artwork of golf legends. congratulations to @thomtillis on winning @ncgop senate primary. time for the party to unite and defeat obamacare advocate kay hagan! great decision by @speakerboehner in placing @tgowdysc as chairman of the benghazi select committee. gowdy is a seasoned prosecutor. russia is on the move in the ukraine iran is nuking up & libya is run by al qaeda yet obama is busy issuing climate change warnings. if you want to be the best youd better be the best in all aspects of business. - think like a billionaire. crazy dennis rodman is saying i wanted to go to north korea with him. never discussed no interest last place on earth i want to go to. dennis rodman was either drunk or on drugs delusional when he said i wanted to go to north korea with him. glad i fired him on apprentice! @da brain8: @realdonaldtrump u mr. trump cold be the next ronald reagan but u need to seriously announce your candidacy! will you? watch! the global warming we should be worried about is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons in the hands of crazy or incompetent leaders! the object of golf is not just to win. it is to play like a gentleman and win. - phil mickelson @mickelsonhat. if its worth doing its worth fighting for. youll have lots of people & obstacles in your way. fight to get beyond them.midas touch. young entrepreneurs remember that your first deals are the most important of your career. win & gain confidence. also the more desperate you are to close a deal the less likely it will happen. stay calm and focused on your ultimate goals. be smart! discover your true self and surround yourself with people who complement your gifts and modes of operation. - midas touch. remember if you do not promote yourself no one else will. when you have success let people know about it. no matter how good you get you can always get better and that s the exciting part. - @tigerwoods. to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. -- ralph waldo emerson. i am watching the nfl draft will be interesting! a lot of talent but only a few will become stars. @pkitzke: @realdonaldtrump: who goes first? tell us......quick. .clowney. @ametrano3457: just did my final presentation wearing @realdonaldtrump tie. definitely increased my grade. #dresslikeabillionaire. @caleb2207: @realdonaldtrump you were completely right as always! thanks. @igotangeleyes: @realdonaldtrump @savi swizzle very smart man. i d vote 4 u mr. trump. thanks. i think somebody should pick johnny football - he will be a star. great pick by buffalo - sammy watkins will be great! @dallascowboys jerry great pick - you will have a really good season! teams are making a big mistake not taking johnny manziel - he is going to be really good and exciting to watch . cleveland just made a very wise decision - congrats! @christsonton: @realdonaldtrump now cleveland and the country needs you to run for president!!! thanks. @yagerblasters: please run for president.we need your help. get in there and fire those aholes.your a legend business man and love america. many of life s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. -- thomas a. edison. a message for hollywood-. a rare case where the u.s. should help-. dennisthank you for being honest. somebody put words in your mouth & you wouldnt take it. great! @dennisrodman. home of the 2022 @pgachampionship trump natl bedminster features 36 holes designed by famed architect tom fazio. must read f @ weeklystandard by @jaycosttws: obamacare myth-making - five phony success stories. another historic first under obama businesses are collapsing faster than they re being formed new leadership now! obama told his donors this past week public opinion is on his side. don t believe that one either. via @wsj by @senalexander: wind-power tax credits need to be blown away @alexsalmond. rosie o donnell just said she felt shame at being fat-not politically correct! she killed star jones for weight loss surgery just had it! @incfw: negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump. @call4 @realdonaldtrump is one of the most successful businessman in america. he s decisions are well thought out and he always has a plan. time warner cable out again in manhattan - no television. they have a real problem! @irishtimes thanks to you and the wonderful simon carswell for the great story on trump international golf links ireland. it will be great. @lake: watching hbo tyson my suggestion to all wealthy sports entertainers offer @realdonaldtrump 10 of earnings to protect your interests. @warrencasse: a truly great champion will seldom fail and always come back. never underestimate the power of greatness! - @realdonaldtrump. @10ajmccarron will do great in the nfl - all he does is win! bengals made a very wise decision. @jmcelray @realdonaldtrump @trumpwaikiki blt steak excellent service staff chefs manager wonderful dining in honolulu. thanks. @wsog2014 hey @realdonaldtrump which gets better reviews the redesigned blue monster at @trumpdoral or @bltprimemiami? both great reviews. with a world-renowned open-air lobby w ocean views & top restaurants @trumpwaikiki is honolulus premier hotel. @claretourism sending a warm welcome to the trump family who landed in @shannonairport enjoy your stay in clare thank you. @texxas gal @irishabroad @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @trump ireland @shannonairport beautiful family!!! enjoy your trip thank you. it is wonderful to be in beautiful doonbeg touring @trump ireland. i m truly honored by the wonderful welcome to my family & organization. @marooose @trump ireland welcome to ireland!very much looking forward to sampling #trumpluxury on my home soil! #doonbeg thank you! if you cant handle the hard times that come with business then you will never be able to celebrate the successes. focus & stay positive. photo from @ivankatrump of trump international golf links & hotel ireland. just spent two days in ireland at trump international golf links & hotel -- absolutely magnificent. heading to scotland to check out turnberry & trump int l golf links scotland. then heading to dubai @damacofficial a great company. @travelshamrock @realdonaldtrump welcome to ireland! enjoy the fine weather on ireland s golf courses thank you. @evyfitz beautiful hotel great staff wonderful location & county clare is a hidden gem for unique tourist attractions fantastic place! damac properties @damacofficial @realdonaldtrump looking forward to welcoming you to dubai! have a great trip! thank you! @darrenkellytv trump has done it again - excellence elegance & excitement. brilliant news for ireland. county clare is buzzing thanks! @deirdreculligan i am delighted that you are getting to experience doonbeg in glorious sunshine - enjoy your visit it was fantastic thx. do your homework. wasting other peoples time due to poor planning or thoughtlessness leaves a bad impression. think like a billionaire. the only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.-- vince lombardi. can you conquer the blue monster? book a tee time @trumpdoral right here. if you are steadfast in your efforts critics will be harmless. achievers move forward and achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. be flexible enough to adjust to changing circumstances. think big. don t wait for dire circumstances to test your quick-thinking ability. be on alert at all times. @frobbedrickson @realdonaldtrump art of the deal just arrived at my house. cannot wait to start reading this book.. thanks enjoy. be a cautious optimist. call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. via @bbcnews: donald trump visits his newly-purchased turnberry golf resort. be a yardstick of quality. some people aren t used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- steve jobs. advice from my mother mary macleod trump: trust in god and be true to yourself. @marionx72 hope you ve enjoyed your time at turnberry. the surrounding towns will benefit too ! high 5 for the investment thank you. @bryanpax @realdonaldtrump one of my favorite places in the world. great resort great history now a great owner. congrats! thanks. donald trump is confident that ireland is ready for a big comeback via @independent ie by @anitaactually. advice from my father fred c. trump: know everything you can about what you re doing. @nsingh2024 @realdonaldtrump @turnberry one of the best business firm & family. what a combination. amazing. thank you. winners i am convinced imagine their dreams first. they want it with all their heart and expect it to come true. - joe montana. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. i am in scotland checking on my developments in aberdeen and turnberry. just left ireland property will be great. always checking! innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- steve jobs. @jason donoghue delighted you are investing in ireland. great for our golf courses and our economy. welcome to the emerald isle. thank you. @gfstew: fantastic to meet @realdonaldtrump yesterday and be lucky enough to play his truly awesome course in aberdeen. #itmustbenumberone. @roncanova: @trumpdoral just flew your helicopter from national to doral best run operation period. you are the man mr trump! sorry for all of the millions of people who long to hear my brilliant words of wisdom on fox & friends on monday a.m. no go - in dubai. @bethany desiree: lol @realdonaldtrump is seriously the man. run for president please our next president must be great that s me. thanks. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump trump presidency would right the ship. please run donald. it can be done - thanks. nobamacare won t work never will work and can t work - it is a total waste of time and energy except that it is hurting people & economy! @werealllemmings: so many people post hateful messages to @realdonaldtrump yet they still follow him...secretly envious maybe? no losers! @lisa zeee: @realdonaldtrump -- this guy needs to run for president! knowledge is power. #2016 thanks! @zachdikowski: @realdonaldtrump run for president please! thanks. @nectarusafsm: @kyleraccio i want donald trump to be president. he knows business and people. he needs to be in the oval office now. @sloclone: @realdonaldtrump without a doubt but the public is too dumb actually i don t think so. they know u.s. needs help & leadership. @trumpphillygm: one week from today we open our amazing pool #trumpnationalphiladelphia! thank you @erictrump! good luck eric q! @cjm8112: thanks for the golf course in the bronx! what else do you have planned for us? hispanics latinos love trump! and i love them! @ronanofficial: great to hear that t just purchased doonbeg. exactly what golf in ireland needs and a massive boost for our economy. @ronanofficial thanks ronan see you there! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump @roncanova @trumpdoral yep the man we need running the country. thanks! @louise ramage: @realdonaldtrump seriously please.run for president. we need someone who can get the job done with competence! @adria: love that @realdonaldtrump is moving into #vancouver just checked out the presentation centre super cool! @ninjaromantic: if it takes one more god damn tweet for you to run donald then sir l will gladly be that god damn tweet. #2016 #president. @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump @cjm8112 can t you just imagine how awesome the country would be if he was president?! thanks and true. amazing five days - developments in aberdeen turnberry scotland and ireland are fantastic - the best anywhere in the world. a lot of fun! 30000 illegal immigrants with criminal records were released last year by our wonderful though highly incompetent government. so stupid! i will be heading to dubai where i am doing a great project with damac - will be a massive success! i really like jay z but there is trouble in paradise. when his wife s sister starts whacking him not good! no help from b leads to a mess. i am in dubai with damac. place is booming - amazing! major news conference in two hours. announcing luxury villas and major golf course. i cannot believe how well certain areas are doing relative to the u.s. there is no reason for this other than poor leadership.we should be 1. @blvd @realdonaldtrump we won t unless you get elected. seriously. no politician is capable of fixing this mess not even cruz or rand paul. @topsecret pt: @realdonaldtrump - ireland scotland dubai! do you ever sleep? not much! @lbcxyz: @realdonaldtrump every city in the us would be like dubai if you were president. @kimberlykc1st: @realdonaldtrump come back n fix things in usa please mr. trump. @libproject: @realdonaldtrump you add fun and excitement to all your endeavours which is why they are so successful interesting! @persdevquotes: without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing. donald trump. getting ready for the big news conference in dubai. it should all be happening in the u.s. but it isn t - sad! we must stop releasing hard core criminals all over the united states. our country must be strong again! the roads and sidewalks airports and bridges are perfect in dubai. everything looks clean & strong. in u.s. everything is falling apart! you have to be positive every single day. positive stamina is a necessary ingredient for success. think like a champion. hitting the first ball at trump international dubai 272 right down the middle. with @ivankatrump and the chairman of damac in dubai. entrepreneurs: get a momentum going. listen apply then move forward. do not procrastinate. see opportunity as the perk that it is. entrepreneurs: stay focused and be tenacious. pay attention to people who know what they re talking about. stay fixed on your goals! entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious--and the best way to be victorious is to be passionate. find something you love doing! @jasonmattera: poll: new yorkers prefer donald trump and liam neeson over of bill de blasio. @hshippey: wow had a blast today!!! what a guy: thanks for the great photos - look forward to seeing the magazine! @ryantravers: @realdonaldtrump 10 years ago we had steve jobs johnny cash and bob hope. now we have no jobs no cash and no hope! @tth7: just talked to nice woman at jacknthebox- she s being cut to 30 hrs due to #obamacare- been there 5 yrs-3 kids to feed very sad! @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump we have hope. we still have mr. trump! thank you! a classic - china just signs massive oil and gas deal with russia giving russia plenty of ammo to continue laughing in u.s. face. remember china is not a friend of the united states! going now to make a major speech before some of the world s biggest investors in dubai! logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein. @ajd5439 visited trump international scotland yesterday amazing golf course. #hole18 #scotland #trumpgolf thanks. @bigpeter184 turnberry is a great golf centre. great courses & hotel. hope you can improve them donald. it can be the best. will be great. entrepreneurs: do your best to your utmost ability every day. make that your standard. @antonvonclouse been self-employed since i was 18. you & the art of the deal were instrumental in that young motivation. thank you. great! just returned from ireland scotland and dubai. amazing trip great places--but always good to be back. persistence is a key for success. dont give up. continue to think big and you will be able to close deals. some people dream of great accomplishments while others stay awake and do them. -- anonymous. talent is cheaper than table salt. what separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work. -- stephen king. @grizz524 @realdonaldtrump thanks for getting me through finals week mr. trump good luck! @realtmfleming your seminars books shows all have impacted my life for better. the number 1 thing i learned from you: think big! great! i have been watching and loving the united states for many years and have never seen it look weaker or less effective! @mikewarner1976 all i want for christmas is for @realdonaldtrump to buy the @buffalobills @nflcommish. @imnotsochey really hoping i magically run into @realdonaldtrump in new york city this weekend!! he s an inspiration! thank you. @ellakagency @realdonaldtrump saw the facebook specs for the new trump tower in dubai looking good!! thanks. @shoretntweet @realdonaldtrump did someone say #winewednesday? loved your winery in va brought a case back to pottstown pa! great! @beepee2004 hi donald i thought you may like to see a photo of turnberry lighthouse i took last year beautiful! beepee2004 thank you very much donald. here is another. thanks--both do justice to a fantastic place. @calebsthomas @realdonaldtrump what books should i read for business? particularly by you start with the art of the deal. thx and from a better quotation source: you miss 100 of the shots you don t take. -- wayne gretzky. mike leach s lessons his takeaways from geronimo s life are fascinating & useful whether in boardroom or locker room. @wusongtweet: @pand @realdonaldtrump trump may be the best entrepreneur. thinking big and he is also creative tenacious & loves his work. @jfarquharlaird: great to see @realdonaldtrump getting the respect he deserves. a gentleman a friend a genius. thank you! logic will get you from a to b. imagination will take you everywhere. - albert einstein. sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. don t ever get down on yourself just keep fighting - in the end you win! @ptarkkonen: what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. -donald trump #leadership. via @itp ab by @ctrenwith: trump effect will see dubai properties rise 50. exclusive: donald trump wants to build a luxury hotel in dubai via @itp ab by @ctrenwith. @joddo15 @realdonaldtrump take a shot at buying the @buffalobills and keeping them in wny! @nflcommish. via @breitbartnews by @thetonylee: @citizens united sues @agschneiderman for violating 1st amendment. congrats to @team mitch on winning a spirited primary. great job mitch. obama s wind turbines kill 13-39 million birds and bats every year! save our bald eagles symbol of our nation! very excited to be addressing the @repleadconf next friday in new orleans. there is much to discuss! remember our brave men & women who have fallen protecting our country this memorial day! terrible for the economy & middle class gas has now been over 3 gallon for a record 1245 days frack now & fast! the va scandal shows the fatal ineptitude of big central planning government. when will we learn? the obama administration gives better medical care to al qaeda at gitmo than to our vets. the obamacare websites have cost over 5b & many still do not work one of the greatest fiascos in modern history! rising 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanama offers our elite amenities in latin americas tallest building. @jakemhs: the guy next to me on the train apparently supports donald trump for president and so do many others - our country is a mess! have a great and peaceful memorial day - but remember there are people out there who don t want us to have peace. we must be strong!!!! .@mcilroyrory - way to go rory fantastic victory! .@pgaofamerica a really great tournament congrats to monty pete b and ted bishop. fantastic job! @seankjensen: #whocaroniscalling @realdonaldtrump. @house6000: that limo story with that lucky guy changing the tire was amazing i wish i was as lucky as he was have a great day! thanks! @wisdomforwomen: @realdonaldtrump: the obama administration gives better medical care to al qaeda at gitmo than to our vets. true! @laurenhuston: my gram passed in nov. i sorted through her books today & found all of yours. gram knew how to pick them! thanks lauren! @mrbearhere: @realdonaldtrump just started my business and everyday i tell myself #beliketrump very nice thanks! what does.obama know about the va or business - nothing just look at the five billion dollar obamacare website. we need a real leader! @pasvote red in 2014 & 2016 & remove these inept clowns & party out for the next 8 years. donald trump run for pres. americans are fed up! @joycegoodman64: @realdonaldtrump run mr. trump...please we need you! @igotangeleyes: @realdonaldtrump @joycegoodman64 mr. trump is a fine man & so intelligent & dnt bk down. i wid b the 1st n line 2 vote. @rowdyroadie11: @realdonaldtrump @joycegoodman64 i agree mr trump. i am a veteran and can t stand what is happening. i am speaking today at the national press club totally sold out and will then be inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue! @luuuucy15 : @realdonaldtrump run for pres 2016! it will be my first time getting to vote and i want to vote for you thank you nice! @not that actor: @igotangeleyes @joycegoodman64 if donald doesn t run the us will never regain its #1 world super-power status true! @gopthinker: @realdonaldtrump we need you to run for president big guy. the dems & reps are simply incapable of fixing the country. @talismanjohnnya: @foxandfriends when is mr. @realdonaldtrump due back? the last two weeks without him on monday s has scarred me. monday! @michaelshmikel: @realdonaldtrump if u don t run for prez i hope u r tapped for vp or fed reserve chair or anything. thanks. @nawal: if someone knows they made a mistake and they apologize forgive them and move on but never trust them again. by @realdonaldtrump. featuring private living spaces oversized bathrooms & stunning views @trumpsoho downtown nycs premiere hotel. results are what matter...a series of efforts will add up to experience and achievement. - think like a champion. winners never quit and quitters never win.-- vince lombardi. our greatest weakness lies in giving up. the most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -- thomas a. edison. the amateur. on his trip to afghanistan our commander-in-chief disclosed the cia chiefs name. unsafe disaster! the boston bomber got immediate emergency surgery for a gunshot yet our vets die on waiting lines at the va. we must do better! the blue monster is celebrated in june issue of robb report as the best of the best winner in golf course category. like it or not edward snowden is a spy and should be tried as a spy! he has stolen invaluable information and damaged us with other nations. thank you for all of the really nice comments and reviews concerning my speech today at the national press club. it was my great honor! @joerusso9: @realdonaldtrump should be the next president thanks. @immlawyercanada: @realdonaldtrump brilliant! thank you! you cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. pres. abraham lincoln. great @nytimes story about our conversion of the old post office building in d.c. to luxury hotel-. .@trumpchicagos the spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms & 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline. intrinsic means basic inborn elemental. if you have an intrinsic value it cannot be taken away. - think like a champion. my speech to @pressclubdc yesterday at the #npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan. focus on your goals not your problems. and remember--problems are a mind exercise--so enjoy the challenge. entrepreneurs: be prepared and be tough. cover your bases! there are a lot of ups and downs but you can ride them out if you re prepared. @adeezy101 @realdonaldtrump even after making billions what keeps you motivated? if you have passion for your work you will be motivated. have you ever seen our country look weaker or more pathetic: snowden obamacare va russia jobs decimated military debt and so much more. snowden is a liar.and a fraud! @bsarikas a trump makeover for washingtons old post office bringing a touch of class back to dc - well done! thx. #tbt here i am with @gwenstefani and @donaldjtrumpjr. @mannysteezu: @realdonaldtrump should run for president. thank you! today at 1:30pm ct i will be addressing @repleadconf in new orleans will focus on how to fix our great country. via @pressclubdc by @snlyngaas: trump says u.s. brand has lost its luster. @touchme721 @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump one beautiful course thank you. my speech to @pressclubdc on tuesday at the #npclunch on the topic of building a business brand via @cspan. the dunes of @trumpscotland are a world treasure threading thru @golfworld1s scotland top par 72 7400 yd course. our vets are the pride of our nation. the va scandal is a disgrace.if you can get food stamps so fast our vets should get immediate care. our country is on the precipice. washington is broken. where is the leadership? the american worker is being victimized by our trade policies. we need smart trade which can only be accomplished by smart dealmakers. .@trumpchicagos the spa offers 5 star services w 12 treatment rooms & 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the skyline. must read via @ibdinvestors: va scandal grows as bonuses went to worst hospitals. snowden is a traitor and a disgrace. make no mistake he is no hero. in fact he is a coward who should come back & face justice. the greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude. - @oprah. @aliayacovlef @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump you are such a great team i work with my daughter and i can understand the dynamic. thank you. #thearseniohallshow well it had to happen. people that are disloyal in the long run never make it. arsenio was just cancelled! i am in toronto checking the great trump international hotel - highest rated hotel in canada. it is a beauty! @ukcarioca: @realdonaldtrump do you ever sleep? i see timelines from you at 3-5am? not much! @annelol: @realdonaldtrump i hope my children are just like you so nice thanks. @87krusty87: @realdonaldtrump i saw the toronto hotel last year - it is a beauty indeed! great addition to the skyline! @mosanimusa: @realdonaldtrump great man doing great things thank you. @druudruu: @realdonaldtrump worked there once. stayed there too. it was a dream both times! @johnny4arizona: @realdonaldtrump that is for sure !! congrats on your appearance at #rlc2014 in new orleans trump 2016 thanks. @versongoetrix: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will absolutely vote for you and so will my family friends! great! president obama created a very bad precedent by handing over five taliban prisoners in exchange for sgt. bowe bergdahl. another u.s. loss! @chazkshand: @realdonaldtrump run for president! we need a leader not a politician! so true! the u.s. cannot negotiate with terrorists. it is a sad and terrible situation for the family involved but this can only lead to disaster. @awew: @realdonaldtrump now the enemy knows that capturing soldiers is worth it b c our idiot president will give them what they want. @rbrohammer: just watched your speech at the national press club. fantastic as usual. please consider 2016. we need fantastic leadership. @kylegolfmtnbike: @realdonaldtrump wonder how long it takes the released terrorists to attack americans? @fergton: @realdonaldtrump when the released prisoners kill americans what does obama say to their parents? @mappleby747: trump 2016! we need someone who not only wants to change this country but can change this country. @realdonaldtrump thanks. @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump run in 2016 for the sake of future generations. obama and his friends are tearing america apart. @joydacus84: @realdonaldtrump not long obama plays with our emotion s knowing we all love to see this soldier come home. stupid man! @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump please run for president to save america. my whole family is knows youre the only man who can do it! true. at some point sgt. bergdahl will have to explain his capture. in 2009 he simply wandered off his base without a weapon. many questions! @happygirl71929: @realdonaldtrump if you don t run in 2016..... i m moving to canada..... please help us mr. trump don t move so fast! @adamsteinbaugh: @realdonaldtrump you need to run for president like right now mister trump. the statement about leaving the base came directly from cbs evening news. @rcoldwellbanker: @realdonaldtrump watching your c-span special from the other day i can t get enough of it!!!!!!! thank you! @davidhyre: @realdonaldtrump donald please run. @tycedaggitt: @realdonaldtrump for president. time for a change in the right direction. @johnny4arizona: @realdonaldtrump a successful #trump2016 bid would restore american exceptionalism entrepreneurship and leadership. @johnny4arizona: president trump would have america walking proudly talking loudly carrying big stick n foreign policy again. #trump2016. @johnny4arizona:trump ur biid 4 prez n 2016 would make u.s top economic superpower encourage r allies slow or stop r enemies. #trump2016. @taynishagray: so yeah the first vote i will ever cast for president will be donald trump bc who can really argue with donald trump? @davidc: i refuse to vote for anybody but trump in the next presidential election. he is the only man that can lead this corrupted country. @teabo: how many people would vote for donaldtrump if he ran? i would... if you can make in new york you can make it anywhere #newyorkny. @1chrisjoly: @realdonaldtrump your ties are amazing. thanks. @diverojalv: @taynishagray trump boldy calls out problemsthen offers solutions & opinions that excite the electorate just like reagan! @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump my econ teacher says ur the only one who can fix the economy. if you run my whole school will vote for you. @cmull43: i m not sayingtrump should necessarily be a 2 term president. give him 4 years and he can begin the restructuring of our economy. @joycegoodman64: @realdonaldtrump running the us is much like running a business who better at that than the donald? #trump2016. @awizzel10: @realdonaldtrump we need you. you are the answer to this nations problems. #trump2016. @awizzel10: #trump2016 you are an inspiration to me and my friends @realdonaldtrump. #2016 #prez. @themurphyz: the @realdonaldtrump tower is crazy. absolutely in love. @trumptoronto #service #amazing #mrzbirthday. @demegl10: @realdonaldtrump if you run...it will be the first time i vote. @petewaite976: i hope @realdonaldtrump runs for #president2016 ratings for debate nights would blow @apprenticenbc right out of the water! @ brandoh: @realdonaldtrump donald for president! thanks. @bturner12387: @realdonaldtrump 2016 is your year! nobody better prepared to fix our country than you please run. @2p2trollcat: .@realdonaldtrump @petewaite976 @apprenticenbc that wouldn t be hard to do. true! @negroamigo11: @realdonaldtrump is the right man for the job #trump2016. @bojo123be: @realdonaldtrump all your towers are breathtaking.proud of your charisma and versatility. thanks. @heisenbarry: cant wait to see you in the oval office! @realdonaldtrump make america great again! @roney samuel: @realdonaldtrump was at a whole other level this saturday. thank you for coming down sir! #torontointernational. another obama disaster-. .@arseniohall just got firedthe people spoke ratings were terrible. the apprentice brought him back from the dead but he blew it! @danmillman i give @realdonaldtrump a lot of shit but trump national in bedminster is absolutely incredible. thanks sort of ! @talismanjohnnya been waiting 3 weeks for my fix...d is the man and just states things the way they are . love his segments. great thx. @woodrowwinters nothing would make me prouder than to see mr. trump in the oval office. business would get done. thanks and true. @amitgupta9 @realdonaldtrump is the visionary with the midas touch. america good times are on their way... thanks. entrepreneurs: if you cannot handle the tough times you will never be successful in business. stay positive & stay strong! entrepreneurs: keep your momentum going! it s a big factor in sustaining your success. keep moving forward! @deniseprobe: your time on the david letterman show was so much more interesting than dr phil on kimmel show. you look good. i d vote 4 u. @iplanned: a good #plan violently executed now is better than a perfect #plan next week. - general george s. patton. @mvpsocialmedia: great show guest tonight! @letterman @realdonaldtrump #legends thank you! @greek1958: looking forward seeing @realdonaldtrump on @letterman tonight. has my vote as the next #potus thanks. @alextbailey: @realdonaldtrump @letterman if you run as donald trump and not a democrat or republican the people will vote for you! @mrcurvywor @realdonaldtrump enjoyed seeing you on @letterman! you should run for president! you would get this great country going again! that the obama administration didn t know the facts about who bergdahl was before making the stupid 5 killers for one trade is pathetic! only a grossly incompetent government led by an equally incompetent president could have made the terrible trade for bergdahl. #orangeroom. bowe bergdahl walked off the base after he was told not to. solders died looking for him. u.s. should never have made the deal! punishment? @ralphige: who knew al qaeda had such good negotiators. impressive 5 for 1 against the mighty usa @realdonaldtrump. @taylor mcbath obama is actively destroying the greatest country in the world. we are going to pay a horrible price for his recent actions. great deal we swap 5 killer terrorists for a u.s. military deserter. thats how the u.s. negotiates nowadays. president said we would never leave a soldier behind. how about the 4 who died in benghazi? because of our terrible leaders it is now open season on every american throughout the world. terrorists are thrilled. be sure to buy this months @amspec magazine. read a trump card my interview with jeffrey lord. obamas war on coal is killing american jobs making us more energy dependent on our enemies & creating a great business disadvantage. airing live from baton rouge at 8pm et on @nbc 2014 @missusa competition will be a tremendous event. it s a tough game and you never want to take that aspect out of the game. @nyrangers stanley cup champion mark messier. @debssay @repleadconf enjoyed seeing you at the rlc mr. trump! great speech! we need real leadership in america! thank you. @bcfccityisours @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump looks awesome mr t. thank you. @lisav27 @realdonaldtrump i want you mr. trump as the president well we d better get someone fast--the u.s. is going down--fast. moving forward f tonights competitive primaries it is crucial that the tea party & @gop remain united towards november. take the senate! it would be nice if our commander-in-chief was as concerned for our veterans health as he is for illegal immigrants becoming citizens. the problem is that no government can create real jobs. only entrepreneurs can do that. midas touch. remember our six brave heroes who died searching for bergdahl after he deserted h t @military news. the entrepreneurs ability to dream to win lose and win again and again is often called the entrepreneurial spirit. midas touch. our president is a great embarrassment to the u.s. how could anybody be so dumb or know so little as to make the very stupid 5 for 1 swap? the five taliban leaders released for a deserter must really be laughing and having a good time right now. they are saying how dumb u.s. is! @wolf hausmann: what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. --donald trump. rapidly failing @vanityfair magazine hits me for my strong stance against obama s brilliant 5 killers for 1 deserter trade. amazing! @tquoteseday: if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable. - donald trump. .@newsbusters thank you for a great and very accurate story - well done! was susan rice told to lie about bergdahl? obama and his representatives lie about virtually everything from obamacare to a deserter. are you allowed to impeach a president for gross incompetence? obama never consulted with congress about a prisoner exchange. he broke the law and should be tried. our president is a total disaster! chris mcdaniel looks like he will win in mississippi - great news and big victory for tea party! if you like to work hard you will attract people with the same ethic. - think like a billionaire. @paulscuz @realdonaldtrump i think he deals prisoners the same way he deals money. #trump2016 true! i hope we never find life on other planets because there s no doubt that the u.s. government will start sending them money! @dbljjames @realdonaldtrump will you be in baton rouge for miss usa yes! @nklaeger we need a successful business person to upright the usa...no rookies. trump is the man to do it! thanks i agree! .@trumplasvegas 7th floor provides the most urbane feel in las vegas w private air-conditioned cabanas & a massive 110 ft. heated pool. us trade deficit hit 64b in april 2 yr record high we must do better. china is ripping us. bring the jobs home! obama betrays israel yet again our strongest ally in the middle east. he will recognize hamas breaking long standing us policy. obama can release 5 senior taliban for a deserter but cant make mexico release decorated marine sgt. andrew tahmooressi. pathetic. @ lizzly nearly anything would be more effective than obama. @realdonaldtrump is the ideal candidate for this country s restoration thx. @mikeygojca @realdonaldtrump speaks the truth and is as successful as he is... must be doing something right. i guess so thanks! @icheko lom all mr. @realdonaldtrump is trying to do is wake everyone up to the truth. loving the tweets. thank you. @fear no evil89 @realdonaldtrump is not afraid to tell the truth & stand up for what he thinks is right #gop2016 #trump2016 thank you. congratulations to @joniernst on her impressive @iowagop primary win last night. now all should unite & defeat bruce braley this november. .@bretbaier has a wonderful new book #specialheart and its proving to be a great success already. bret is a winner! trump collections summer line exclusively available @macys is the pinnacle of style & prestige. dress your best! amazing view of @trumpgolfla. i believe that in addition to the 5 terrorist leaders president obama gave up for bergdahl a great deal of cash was also given. so stupid! @boycottmaypac: @realdonaldtrump he got the president to show his birth certificate! he has clout my friend! he can really stir things up! @elchucacabra: @realdonaldtrump obama can strike a deal with the taliban but can t make a deal with congress. @eriksson: call it any way you like but snowden is a traitor. when our country was great do you know what we did to traitors? @ry ceo: @realdonaldtrump i always tell people to vote for donald trump if he runs for president. he knows the real deal! @gleisissantos reading @realdonaldtrump s think like a champion . what a great and inspirational book. thanks good luck! a great fathers day gifta stay at my 5 star hotel @trumpnewyork along with items from my signature collection. #tbt a picture of my fantastic father and myself. best teacher in the world! a great fathers day. breaking news: obama has just made a trade with russia. they get florida california & our gold supply. we get borscht & a bottle of vodka. learn know and show. its a proven formula. put it to use starting today. think like a champion. obama is without question the worst ever president. i predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood! only you can #savethequeen during the live telecast of #missusa on june 8 at 8 7c on nbc. click for more info:. happy 30th birthday #ghostbusters! it was great to have @trumptowerny be a part of the series. thank you to the greatest heroes #dday70 #wwii. @summersmarcus: @realdonaldtrump always my role model thank you. negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump. will be in louisiana for the miss usa pageant which will be on nbc on sunday night. watch miss pennsylvaniaan interesting and amazing story. .@andrewkreig thank you andrew - so correct! the owner of california gold just made a jerk fool out of himself. just smile and congrat the winner. his wife was visibly embarrassed! i am in baton rouge where the miss usa pageant will be shown live on nbc on sunday night for 3 hours starting at 8 p.m. incredible show! just toured baton rouge louisiana - great people fantastic place doing really well. miss usa pageant totally sold out.tomorrow night nbc. @jasonboyer 29: if washington had @realdonaldtrump type of leaders this country would be back on top thank you and true! @trieuhoang73: what a great golf course excellent job @realdonaldtrump. my 1st scottish golf experience was one to remember. thanks! by the end of this year china will be the number one economic power on earth and the u.s. will owe 20 trillion dollars much of it to china! @lpgranier: thank you for coming to louisiana & bringing ! first with your incredible speech at rlc & now miss usa! you rock! thanks! we have to make the u.s.a. rich again so that we can afford to pay social security medicareand medicaid and strong to keep our enemies out. @tegodreaux: @realdonaldtrump not on your watch mr. president... 100 true! @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump you are the most gracious man in the business nowadays! #trump2016 i have not heard that one but thanks! @ams world: @realdonaldtrump its embarrassing yet no one seems to know how to turn our country around. a bunch of clueless leaders. true! @advertina: @realdonaldtrump. would you be aggressive as president? not aggressive smart! @real tess bloom: in my first presidential election that i can vote in i would vote for @realdonaldtrump #run2016 great! the same brilliant negotiators that gave up five taliban leaders for one traitor are now making trade deals with china & others.no chance. remember the terrible 5 for 1 trade whereby the taliban got back leaders killers and we got back a nothing will come back to haunt u.s.! @geraldbjohnson: @realdonaldtrump i would vote for trump! we need discipline intelligence and most of all strength!! he would bring all 3. no president in history has lied to the american people more than president obama - in fact it is not even close! @tbrandy100:how about bush? he lied about iraq and wmd s. cost us 4000 lives!!! i agree i think he was also a terrible president! @donaldtrump2016: @realdonaldtrump if you were in washington this country would be in better shape wow thank you for caring so much! @kathy1453: @realdonaldtrump @donaldtrump2016 trump for president. you would make a difference. i think you re great. thank you! @killen2015: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president in 2016i d totally vote for him.we need a business man to get the economy back on track. the miss u.s.a. pageant will be amazing tonight. to be politically incorrect the girls women are really beautiful. nbc at 8 pm. the man made climate change that our great president should be focused on is of the nuclear variety brought upon us because of weakness! heading over to the miss usa pageant. the young women participating are amazing and accomplished. competition is very tough. enjoy the show! @dixonagnes: as a scot thank you for what u do for the beautiful country of scotland. but us needs u in dc. #presidentdonaldtrump. @gamezfrank @realdonaldtrump when do you sleep? not much sleep for me! @yzaccount @realdonaldtrump your dad for sure has a son to be proud of....we all are: so nice thanks! @mkathleenhunter donald that s a wonderful picture of you and your dad. you can sense his love and pride in you! thank you. @marcogio13 been listening to @realdonaldtrump speak words of wisdom on youtube every night. he really needs to be our next president thx. via @ap by @splaisance: @realmissnvusa nia sanchez crowned as 63rd @missusa. watch the @nbc video where @realmissnvusa is crowned as the 63rd @missusa the crowning moment! career advice from donald trump via @bndarticles by @brittneyplz. @mmurph @realdonaldtrump trump for president. you are a very wise man that we need in office! thank you. the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. general douglas macarthur. negotiation tip: view any conflict as an opportunity -- this will expand your mind as well as your horizons. persistence can go a long way. negotiation is an art. treat it like one. be open to change--it s another word for innovation. negotiation tip: know exactly what you want and focus on that. trust your instincts even after you ve honed your skills. @pzharris: you have to love @realdonaldtrump tells it like it is - no bs. aren t you tired of all the bs? @jtphi212: just heard you on #foxandfriends. we can count on you to tell it like it is. from a veteran thank you for your honesty!! .@mdamelincourt thanks m you are doing a great job at trump toronto! @steal70: @trumptoronto @reddit toronto @porterairlines flights cancelled. one quick call to trump toronto & i was all looked after. @anjeleyz: this is my nephew mr trumphe is having chemo againcan you look at this and send a message maybe tyler get well soon - win! @darryljordan: run donald run! we need strong decisive leader who ll make timely decisions move policy forward & return us 2 prosperity. the best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself. general douglas macarthur. @alyssa kordish: #donaldtrump for president! @realdonaldtrump thanks! @bizservicesinc: if donald trump runs in 2016 i will donate my time to campaign for him. trump for president!!! we need great leadership! @alexniekamp: @realdonaldtrump loving the new trump sign going up in chicago! thank you! @andydostal: @realdonaldtrump don the lettering looks sharp in chicago! @david j roth: i was never one who looked at success as bad. for me success was always good. i loved it and still do. donald trump. five u.s. soldiers killed in afghanistan by so-called friendly fire. what are we doing? @pierscomments: the only strong leader that the republicans have at the moment is donald trump. @joebannas: @realdonaldtrump there are no friends over there you can not trust anybody. they where probably set up . get our boys out. @shousman86: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump please build our military and take care of our vets as commander in chief this would happen! @ tregun: @realdonaldtrump iraq afghanistan pakistan: o s foreign policy or lack thereof fails repeatedly. @smurrrph: one of my favorite buildings in chicago #trumphotel #trumptower @realdonaldtrump thanks! @schwabbieman: @realdonaldtrump amateurs... unfortunate but true. true our leader is clueless! featuring five championship golf courses including the blue monster @trumpdoral is south miamis top destination. @filmbatonrouge loved having @realdonaldtrump in town over the weekend for #missusa a beautiful city filled with beautiful girls thanks. be sure to watch @ivankatrumps @foxbusiness @fbnatb interview from the @nyu #hospitalityconference. i told you so a long time ago: iraq just lost second largest city as their soldiers drop their guns and run. only the beginning! oil. @lovebautistafan: @realdonaldtrump @trumptoronto @mdamelincourt by far the best hotel i ve ever stayed at! mr. d is tremendous. what i am saying is that we never should have been in iraq in the first place. bush was terrible obama is worse! make america great again. @askmrwhitey: @realdonaldtrump you have the finances and the name. and we have the votes... get on it. lets make it happen. tea party takes down eric cantor - really big win! as i have said the tea party is alive and well and fighting hard for the usa. big win today! @84celtics: @realdonaldtrump no house majority leader has lost a primary since 1899. @justalmir: @realdonaldtrump please run for election so my first ever vote could be for you! thanks! @alexdavischevy: next pres. election is the first ill be old enough to vote in. would vote for you in a heartbeat! #trumpem #trump4prez. @jenn641: i really think @realdonaldtrump should run for #president!!! who s with me on that nomination?! eric cantor s concession speech was ridiculous - acted like nothing had just happened. we need real leaders! @retrogirl01 he sure has my vote! it s time we get someone in there that has a brain! a business mind to clean this mess up! thank you! @pamplinfilmco: @realdonaldtrump @jenn641 can t wait 2 see the white house makeover when trump is president. our country would thrive! iraq is far worse and of more danger to the u.s. now than it ever was under saddam hussein - and this after 2 trillion and so many lives! @misscassie1230: @realdonaldtrump for president! smarter than any man in the usa! i agree thanks! @zahmad a:it is the haste decision of withdrawing troops from iraq w o having a fully prepared iraqi army. wrong they could never do it! @bravofan2014: @realdonaldtrump @misscassie1230 he has my vote we need an patriot in the white house again. @smarkelon: get this liar out of the white house. @realdonaldtrump for president 2016! he has the drive and business leadership we need! @bigpapapruett: @realdonaldtrump the smartest businessman and the best president we could ever elect into office thus far!!!!! #trump4prez. @koonskin: .@realdonaldtrump would make an amazing president. best ever! sadly i don t think he has the guts to run. a shame. we ll see! @davidinspired:trump wouldn t be afraid to tighten our foreign policy! people would once again respect the us if he was elected! #trump2016. w state of the art clubhouse & our signature amenities @trump charlotte brings true luxury to the tar heel state. congratulations to @bretbaier on the immediate & tremendous success of his book special heart. already in its third printing! the 5-star @trump ireland graces over 500 acres fronting 2.5 miles on the atlantic ocean in county clare ireland. the @gop primary voter spoke last night in va-7 & @davebratva7th won going away. now the party must stand behind him! unity unity unity! must read @ibdinvestors editorial: child alien crisis obama s fault but gop won t pounce. shameful. after trading 5 senior taliban for a deserter the white house is now attacking bergdahls platoon. we are what we repeatedly do. excellence therefore is not an act but a habit. -- aristotle. a former miss new york is the designer behind the swimsuits featured in sundays miss usa pageantbeautiful! btw the miss usa pageant was the highest rated non-sports telecast on the big 4 networks. congrats to our newly crowned @nia sanchez ! someone just asked me who is my favorite donald trump impersonator? @mmmkamilla: i have never voted before but if mr.trump ran for president i would love nothing more than for my first vote to go to him. iraq is falling apart fast - two trillion dollars and so many deaths - bush got us in and obama took far too long to get us out! @dbigrock34: @realdonaldtrump run for president you got my vote. @efprestopreston: @realdonaldtrump run donald run! @chaz 323: @realdonaldtrump let me make this simple. run. for. president . #forgodssake. iraq told us to get out iraq is now falling and iraq now wants us to come back! don t do it unless we get the oil and i mean all of it! i told all of the haters and losers long ago that iraq would fall take the oil or get out fast! massive waste of lives and trillions of s. @stac: following @realdonaldtrump was one of the best decisions i ve made on twitter. love the way he speaks his mind and no sugar coating. @awoodylou: @realdonaldtrump you are an inspiration to us all. if only you would run for president and sort all this shit out. a third rate architecture critic--who i thought got firedfor the failing @chicagotribune likes the building but doesnt like the trump sign. people are loving the trump sign on the chicago building. big league tweets letters and calls. in answer to your questions about my favorite impersonator the answer is darrell hammond. @ep capital @reformedbroker @philiprucker @realdonaldtrump yo that sign gonna be more famous than hollywood! i agree! @good ggg @trumpgolf with good service at his clubs imagine the service mr trump could give american people as pres! true! @dreamsoles1 @realdonaldtrump you sir are a true inspiration to me i thank you. great thanks. @lifesanthem @trumpvancouver good news. 1 of the most exciting people coming to 1 of the most exciting cities in the world! a great place! before i bought the site the sun times had the biggest ugliest sign chicago has ever seen. mine is magnificent and popular. dopey @chicagotribune critic fails to mention the ugly sun times sign. @jamesbregenzer @trumpchicago was completed during recession when most other projects failed. trump deserves chicago s praise @blairkamin. @loveandfate: @realdonaldtrump your name on your building in chicago looks awesome! @majesticbrotha: @realdonaldtrump i m a liberal but i feel mayor emanual has bigger fish to fry in chi-town than a trump sign. @nickkleutsch: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago personally i think the letters should be higher up. make sure everyone can see that name! @annmajkrzak: @ap @cbschicago i like the trump logo on the building! i feel this is a personal fight! & will this fight cost il residents. @bestgolfleague: i don t understand the all the fuss. the building is an exquisite edition to our skyline. @laura711hender: @realdonaldtrump live in the suburbs but saw the trump sign on your beautiful building. really classy! love it! @boog690: @realdonaldtrump come home to nyc and put your name on all the buildings you want. #chicagosucksanyway. @noce82: @realdonaldtrump is a real man of his word he would help america. #trump4prez. @aureliusjb: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump i love your sign it really spiffs up that stodgy old town. keep up the great style statements. @artv1028: @blairkamin @chicagotribune you don t like it because trump is a conservative. how many jobs has trump created in chicago. @tstreck: @realdonaldtrump great building. name looks awesome on it. @noce82: @realdonaldtrump will you please run for president. i will #votedonaldtrump. @nikkio: i know i m a day early for your weekend celebrations-happy birthday donald! looking forward to your surprises for 2014-2015 thanks. @don ekwegba: when mr. trump wants to get at something he goes all the way. he walks-the-talk. there are only a few of them left! thank you. we should never have gone into iraq but once in should have gotten out a lot faster. make america great again! @russell triston: @realdonaldtrump would make a great commander in chief. true intelligence. common sense economy knowledge leadership. @austinwalsh: @realdonaldtrump new sign looks awesome!!! congrats! @thisisjoshsmith: i ll say it -- you are likely the only republican who could realistically beat hillary in 2016. please consider running. the iraqi army is useless. president obama stay the hell out of iraq we should never have been there in the first place . @matthew erdman: donaldtrump you built a beautiful high-rise you pay your taxes you should be able to put up whatever signage you want. @inthelooptv: @realdonaldtrump your sign is absolutely stunning in chicago! now only if you could wear a suit & fight crime! @fullybop: @realdonaldtrump trump! love the sign in chi town! #trump4president thank you. @cotyybaby: why the fuss? trump has the most beautiful building in chicago! that sign will be iconic #trump #elegance #trumpchicago. @the rhlp: @realdonaldtrump pumped millions into our chicago economy. my brother worked on that building for 3yrs. rahm should thank him! @geauxholmes: @realdonaldtrump we would love a trump building in #neworleans #citybiz thanks. @arbyoliver: @realdonaldtrump great chicago sign. do not bend to pressure. right on! i won t thanks. @parttimer32: @realdonaldtrump love the new sign in chicago....adds some real intelligence to the city #keepfighting#presidenttrump. @radosevich: love the sign! #chicago! do not cross #thedonald @realdonaldtrump #trump. @danoh1952: @todayshow @realdonaldtrump i like the trump sign. @kverb12345: @realdonaldtrump sign is the right size given size of the building. @kvb423: @todayshow what a shame @rahmemanuel is wasting money on @realdonaldtrump when we have cps students in bldgs w o ac. @trutt78: @realdonaldtrump - you want to do something nice for chicago and they shoot you down. piss on rahm. he is just an obama lap dog. @davennt: if you have a problem with @realdonaldtrump putting trump on his building you need to reassess your life. get. over. it. @cjohnson623: @realdonaldtrump i love the trump building in chicago. @amybdt: @realdonaldtrump so many other things to worry about in this world and a sign is one??? give me a break! love it!! @jeremyhl: #chicago river north support for @realdonaldtrump tower sign. thank you jeremy great writing!. .@trumpchicago is chicago s sole destination showcasing a five-star @forbes rating for both hotel & restaurant. thank you @todayshow for the wonderful and honest poll results on chicago sign. people love it! @trumpchicago. 92 stories above north michigan avenue @trumpchicagos 5-star @forbes rated rooms have the best views of chicago. had a great time yesterday on @theviewtv with @whoopigoldberg @jennymccarthy @sherrieshepherd & guest host @mrjerryoc! jailed usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi should be released immediately. since when does mexico care about border security?#bringbackourmarine. w the ransom obama paid for deserter bergdhal getting mexico to release usmc sgt andrew tahmooressi is much harder. #bringbackourmarine. if you want to be successful in business you must take risks. make sure each risk is calculated and can have a positive fallback. @tobylight11: hi can u rt my daughter #jodiedixon she died 03 05 2014 age16 with cystic fibrosis thanx jodie s dad. @fashfrontrunner: @realdonaldtrump love the signage on the chicago building! i think you should request even bigger letters! @tvmaryd: @realdonaldtrump i love the trump sign on your chicago building. it s beautiful and it s your branding of trump. keep fighting! @misspspencer: @realdonaldtrump love the trump signamazing!! @colinswood: @realdonaldtrump the trump sign looks great! the haters are giving you good publicity though! @theprimehost: @realdonaldtrump love the new signage. keep doing what you ve always done and continue to inspire others. @theprimehost: @realdonaldtrump love the new signage. keep doing what you ve always done and continue to inspire others. thanks. @colinswood: @realdonaldtrump the trump sign looks great! the haters are giving you good publicity though! @demontre4: @realdonaldtrump just looked at the sign and it looks great. @fahntastic24601: in chicago and loving trump tower. those letters look great @realdonaldtrump! @steele sue: @realdonaldtrump i think your sign needs to stay i think it looks great. love it.. @cjlrx: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday to an american icon! thank you. @warrencasselljr: happy birthday to @realdonaldtrump. i wish you many more success! you are greatness! thanks. @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday to the best businessman in america! thank you. @ruvie18: happy birthday @realdonaldtrumpmy best author i never get tired of reading think big and the apprentice! @minnesotavk81: @realdonaldtrump your sign on chicago tower looks awesome! thanks. @roebeauty: calling the sign &trump name tasteless is ridiculous! its exactly the opposite. you always put beauty in your details. @homesbyjeff: @realdonaldtrump: @fahntastic24601: in chicago and loving trump tower. those letters look great @realdonaldtrump! @moshoodaluko: happy birthday to an american icon and a real estate el-supremo... @realdonaldtrump thanks. iran is moving troops into iraq under the guise that it is helping out. actually they will take over iraq and all of their oil. stupid u.s. turnberry in scotland is a far superior golf course to pinehurst - and it isn t even close! likewise the blue monster at doral. iran will convince our incompetent president that they are trying to help us with iraq take over the country & oil and o will say thanks. i have been very consistent and always said that iraq would fall as soon as the u.s. left. what a terrible waste of lives and money! @dcolon2112: @realdonaldtrump watching the #usopen it s as if they re playing on a local community golf course! looks awful! @glock34girl: @realdonaldtrump please run and get america back on its feet. stay tuned! @commishjoe: happy birthday to successful businessman and true american success story. he certainly tells it like it is! thank you. @scleroshima: @realdonaldtrump you called it about 4 years ago about the spoils of war its all coming true now. so true! @dbigrock34: @realdonaldtrump like i said trump for president. usa needs a positive change. @doughutchins77: @realdonaldtrump the world just won t be safe until the name trump is emblazoned on the white house. @phagan2: @realdonaldtrump your children are smart and capable. you must take the reins and get the usa back #1 it can be done. @felberjosh: happy #birthday to an awesome business icon! read my first trump book at 14 which jump started my business success. thanks. @keegster51: happy birthday to my idol @realdonaldtrump! i hope one day to be as successful as you! #trump2016 work hard! @tx shaun: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday donald! thanks for never being afraid to tell it like it is. .@mattginellagc it s true matt the new blue monster is better than pinehurst so is bedminster. turnberry & trump aberdeen blow it away! .@mattginellagc matt the statement about pinehurst looking like a local community golf course awful was not made by me but tweeted to me. @dcolon2112: @raw1183 it was my comment not @realdonaldtrump i ve played on nicer par 3 courses than #usopen. .@mattginellagc have you ever seen trump national bedminster or trump international golf links in scotland. both far better than pinehurst! @christianl2499: @realdonaldtrump you re the man mr. trump! #donaldtrump2016 thanks. @pgongola: @realdonaldtrump @mattginellagc i think pinehurst is ugly. @christinelu: donald trump gets over 1 million to speak. tony blair 600k. rudy giuliani 270k. a greenspan 250k. .@blairkamin blair you may be the worst architectural critic in the business but thanks for your nice reviews about trump chicago & sign pr. @jsimonwc: @mattginellagc @realdonaldtrump built for golf. not built for tv. that is true because it looks horrible on t.v. sad! @jwkeen: happy birthday to the donald @realdonaldtrump. it will take men like him to make the usa great again. #2016. thanks. @der karsten: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday to the best businessman in the world thank you. @kenblalock: i m with @realdonaldtrump. #pinehurst looks like muni. & until we run out of h2o? would pay 400 2 play that? no. @dcolon2112: all hate n t this was my tweet watching the #usopen it s as if they re playing on a local community golf course looks awful. @seancourt: @realdonaldtrump we need a great leader like @realdonaldtrump to take this country where it belongs. @aandreakis: @realdonaldtrump happy b-day mr. trump you are a great inspiration for many people around the world! may god bless you mr. t! @careytim6: happy birthday to @realdonaldtrump the man we need to lead us in the future. #trump2016 thank you. @noahhoch: happy birthday to @realdonaldtrump the wisest man in the us. #2016 thanks. @skmccrty: happy birthday mr. @realdonaldtrump you have been a great mentor in my life! #teamskm thanks stephen. @kirby weasley: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday to one of the most entertaining and smartest men alive. thanks. @rgb0y: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday sir! nothing but respect for what you ve accomplished. thanks. @jsimonwc: @realdonaldtrump @mattginellagc who cares what it looks like! pros aren t complaining. yes they are just ask bubba & viewers. @edcloud9: no one man can turn this country around and get us back on track. but one @realdonaldtrump can! 2016! happybirthday! @zp 3: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday from your trump towers in west palm. keep up the good work! a great place thanks. i would like to wish all fathers even the haters and losers a very happy fathers day. .@hollysandersgc. remember it was martin k who sank the big ten footer to win the ryder cup. he can handle the pressure! @golfdigestmag big news from scotland on turnberry which by the way blows pinehurst away! tomorrow morning. stay tuned. @jshamie: @golfdigestmag couldn t agree more. the course is not punishing bad tee shots like a normal us open would. boring finish!!! @timgerzabek: @realdonaldtrump @golfdigestmag i thought this was the us open not the wanna be british open. @markmoreland: it s worse for @pinehurstresort. i know i wouldn t pay 400 to play what looks like a neglected municipal course. @epowell88: worked @ restaurant for 33 yrs & got fired because they didn t think i could keep up. no severance! would u do that? no way! @mommom: just saw the video of the bus driver saving the woman from jumping off overpass. you gave him a reward....good job donald! thanks. @foossh:@golfdigestmag @realdonaldtrump he has a point fairways should be green. scruff can be as bad as you want. wouldn t pay top dollar. i d bet the horrible look of pinehurst translates into poor television ratings. this is not what golf is about! @robert w ga: @realdonaldtrump they think the course should be old school you know like before lawn care technology aka goats! @aec4444: @realdonaldtrump please don t let the usga ruin your course in 2017 like they did pinehurst. i won t! @jackhennessy12: @realdonaldtrump look better at lahinch or trump doonbeg? true! @mikeyy84: @realdonaldtrump very subdue atmosphere. not take it away from kaymer but it s like watching paint dry #usopen #anticlimax. johnny miller correctly very critical of greens at pinehurst. said they should be redone. @mattginellagc my position on pinehurst is correct - bad for the game a dried out cow pasture. you have no clue but keep trying! @mattginellagc i have watched open championships at turnberry one of the great golf courses of the world. pinehurst not in the same league. @mattginellagcsadly matt you don t understand golf even though you think you do .i have numerous couses that are far superior to pinehurst. @aec4444: @realdonaldtrump i ve played pinehurst and trump bedminster and donald has 2 in bedminister that are superior. thank you & true. @clarksmidt: sir donald. rather than promote golf courses please use your influence to deliver messages that will help fix our country. @jeffokrina: @cbssports @eyeongolf @realdonaldtrump: i agree with the donald. what a goat track! i ll take the beauty of pebble any day! @vmisciagna: @realdonaldtrump i ve played the new doral which is awesome-one day i hope to play another trump course. @gunnandrew: @realdonaldtrump future british open? #trumpscotland. @charliemaikis: @realdonaldtrump i completely agree with dt here. pinehurst looks bad. i wouldn t pay 400 to play if it looked like that. @rink914: @ianjamespoulter actually agree...it may have been great to play but it looked atrocious on tv..i love golf..couldn t watch. @mattginellagc matt you know nothing about quality golf or what it takes to make golf successful. you are all talk no substance! @g3stover: @mattginellagc is barking up the wrong tree getting in a twitter war with @realdonaldtrump i can beat him in golf even easier! @zackalcorn: @mikehyland21 @realdonaldtrump @aec4444 big time. i love trump bedminster. @matthewhkurth: @realdonaldtrump played trump bedminster once...will never forget it. @golfermatt23: @realdonaldtrump are the @mastercard commercials filmed at trump national la? yes. @ic @mattginellagc stick to media like everyone else in it with worthless opinions. donaldtrump is 10000 times more successful than you. @mattginellagc matt how many club championships have you won? i hear zero or 18 fewer than me! lets play for a lot? @welsh @realdonaldtrump you have made some great courses but dont think that gives you the right to comment on every golf course! i agree! @ichicagoscott: @realdonaldtrump it was nice of you to give @mattginellagc 15 minutes of fame that he wouldn t have had. i agree! @tedataca: i concur with @realdonaldtrump on pinehurst. imo: those blasts from sandy areas looked like ieds exploding in kandahar province. @bensext0n: @cfeetsrevenge @lukedonald @realdonaldtrump course didn t look good in hd just saying no it looked terrible bad for golf! congratulations to martin kaymer for winning the 2014 #usopen. #usga great playing from beginning to end! big announcement tomorrow morning concerning the great turnberry resort in scotland! @surayazayn: @realdonaldtrump i find yourself and your children exemplary and inspirational sir. thank you. @troytreanor: @shanebacon which got more viewers: final round of @usopengolf or @realdonaldtrump tweets about the course? trump! @gja360: @realdonaldtrump i read all of your books you truly are an inspiration! thanks. @quotedojo: a little more moderation would be good. of course my life hasn t exactly been one of moderation. donald trump. @myfmcase donaldtrump i snapped that when i was in #toronto today donald your place is looking great! #thetrumpway. @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump we need trump 1 in the nfl 2 in the oval office and 3 on his own reality show. cute! @deannaspillyard: chicago should be so lucky to have the king of new york invest in their city! love the sign!! it should be bigger jmo! @magnumcj: @realdonaldtrump told the truth all day about pinehurst 2. it is just not a good looking us open course. so true! @peterkleschen: @charliemaikis pineworst #2 is a number two alright a dump. turn on the water! since when r the carolinas in drought? @jeniferstevens: awful look to it.....not like trump in palm beach and briarcliff or scotland that i ve played. your courses are the best. @thespinepillow: @realdonaldtrump please run for prez. would b great to have a real man in the white house again. @davidcanlas88: i wish you would advice the kardashians and the jenner sisters on child rearing. you did a good job upbringing your girl. @joshburrnett: if hilary clinton runs for office. @realdonaldtrump has too. or i m moving to canada. @neeciemarie: @realdonaldtrump i concur your children are indeed exemplary grace & poise well done & #happyfathersday sir. thanks. will be doing fox & friends at 7 - 2 minutes. @odonnelltw: @realdonaldtrump pinehurst #2 is what happens when environmentalists take over the usga! @theramenes: get @realdonaldtrump into wh he can lead and fix anything he is also strong and unafraid to do what is good for people. @mjb7: @realdonaldtrump . have a great monday! still hoping to hear these words soon.. i will be running for president . #trumpforpresident. the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland. virginia s highest rated wine by @wineenthusiast @trumpwinery is inspired by the regions of bordeaux & champagne. the only reason i am critical of the pinehurst look is because im a lover of golfand that look on tv hurts golf badly. if anybody else but coore and crenshaw designed pinehurst they would be run out of town and the turtleback greens are totally unfair ! congratulations to @spurs on their @nba championship. well-deserved. the va scandal will only get worse over the time. our vets deserve the best care possible. we must be open to private solutions. turnberry- one of the most beautiful places in the world.... soon to be trump turnberry a luxury. iraq is no longer our problem. we never should have been there in the first place! choose your own path: it doesn t have to be the path less traveled...what matters is that it s the right one for you. - vince lombardi. when isis caught the soldiers do you think they read them their legal rights prior to executing them? success comes with hard work focus and luck. the luck comes to those who seek it out. if you are not in the game you cannot get lucky. i know about the rustic look on golf coursesbut see photo of highly rated trump national philadelphiaa real gem. @waldrop15w: @kenny wallace @realdonaldtrump iran controlling iraq and all of its oil will be everyone s problem our leaders are stupid! @backontrackusa these are the same terrorists obama has been arming in syria & have attacked us on 911.obama s foreign policy is a disaster. @backontrackusa: remember the terrorists that obama has been arming in syria against assad. well now they are marching on bagdad. @deehogan21: @realdonaldtrump along with @doonbeglodge ...heaven on earth. @joebud123: @realdonaldtrump which one of your books should i read first? the art of the deal. @adamjannke: @realdonaldtrump went to doonbeg last year loved it! i bought the great turnberry resort today - considered by many to have the greatest golf course in the world. i will take good care of it! @jrnicholas8: love the trump in chicago. those who don t like it are jealous! capitalism is where it s at! we need more signs like it! @bigd921: @realdonaldtrump @jrnicholas8 i hope we can survive the rest of this losers 8 year term. @hufseyg: got to see the new trump letters on @realdonaldtrump chicago skyscraper. looks amazing. @jry227: i have lived in chicago my whole life love the sign. it brings class to the river. don t know what the big deal is! @karenhaywood3: @realdonaldtrump beautiful! @gtman1988: @realdonaldtrump please buy pinehurst next! and fix it - make it beautiful again! @nicrob650: @realdonaldtrump playing in september the day after playing trump aberdeen! can t wait... bucket list courses! have fun. @dondraper ny: .@gotham @conradhiltonny @rachelmenkenny @waldorfnyc i read @realdonaldtrump he s smartest man around a @bonafidemadmen. @tttmon: @realdonaldtrump you are amazing! i loved that you rewarded the bus driver who saved a suicidal girl. thank you my great honor! @platinumevent: @realdonaldtrump the only problem with the #trump sign in #chicago are the people complaining about it! @thebraziltrader: @realdonaldtrump i love the sign. @adhowe5: i thought the trump signage was very well done. looks great! @realdonaldtrump. @lady rin kelly: @realdonaldtrump i love the sign! please let s make a hashtag that seems like it solves all world problems. @mindgone222: @realdonaldtrump @jry227 people just want to mess with you because you re you. it s your building. f them. @stevenowell: @realdonaldtrump don t normally agree with you but it pinehurst looked like an absolute dump. @hunterstiehler: @realdonaldtrump you have the type of business mind we need in office! #trumpforpresident #trump2016. @mark quoted: @realdonaldtrump reading think big and can t help but wonder why you ain t president yet? well now is when we most need it. @flightaj: hey @realdonaldtrump what is your view on george bush? he got us into iraq instead of making america great again. not good! @paranormalfact: @realdonaldtrump we need someone like you in office who knows how to get this country out of debt #trumpforpresident easy. @jerr209: @realdonaldtrump you sir you are my idol. wish to one day be a master minded billionaire like you. work hard. @mxk0dy: @realdonaldtrump for president! please mr trump. @aollom864: @realdonaldtrump are gas prices going to skyrocket due to instability in iraq? no due to a weak and incompetent u.s. govt. @5dragons: @realdonaldtrump @stevenowell pinehurst was a great looking dust bowl. @lifevibevision: @realdonaldtrump @paranormalfact how about you look inside - because truthfully you re the solution. @lisanoelbryson: @realdonaldtrump we need you to run this country! 2016! the year of the donald! @dannyboiling: @realdonaldtrump if you were president how many jobs could you create in 4 years? more than ever before! @jwpros: if @realdonaldtrump can build such a successful businessimagine the endless possibilities he could achieve as president! true! @paranormalfact: @realdonaldtrump if you run #2016 i will hit my streets running for you.obama care doesn t care.#trumpforpresident. @blckmssh: @realdonaldtrump i m voting for you in 2016. @bloopcrew: #trumpforpresident @realdonaldtrump we want trumpcare and a president who has proof he is a real american. @abouttherock: we need @realdonaldtrump to run for president in 2016! @paranormalfact: @stevenharlow85 donald know s business. screw politics we need someone who doesn t care about politics for once.#trump. @alvisefranz: italian people support @realdonaldtrump for 2016 president. it s time to let pete rose the all time hits leader into the baseball hall of fame. enough already!!!!! @cromo : it would be amazing to see @realdonaldtrump run for president. i would vote for him with the quickness. #trump2016. @laytonjpalmer: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016 is the only way to go! i will be doing the howard stern show at 7 a.m. 10 minutes . always fun and interesting talking to howard! @trcyhwlls: @realdonaldtrump i heard the show and am now a fan. you were so honest and real! thanks. @mhennessh: @realdonaldtrump i live in chicago and love the sign! i look at it everyday!! thanks. @1more77: @realdonaldtrump incredible interview on the @howardstern show. please please run for president! @purkismark: @realdonaldtrump i heard your interview on @howardstern i enjoyed every second of it. #radiogold thanks. @grapewhiskey: @sternshow can t believe all the hate trump gets. hearing him and @howardstern go back&forth is good radio simple as that! @mumbles06: @realdonaldtrump geat hearing you on howard stern you should run for president. @jrmarsy: @realdonaldtrump do u think the republicans will force the lost emails to be found? no it is not in them! @ melissaamy: i don t know @realdonaldtrump was making a lot of sense this am @sternshow great interview @howardstern. @johnmarsicano: @realdonaldtrump on @sternshow was certainly an entertaining start to my morning. good! @johnstockwell: another great appearance by @realdonaldtrump on @howardstern! hope to catch a replay on the drive home. @kpphotography38 @howardstern when donald runs for president he will have my vote! i ll even campaign for him #trumpforpresident thanks. @th4tk1dryan: @realdonaldtrump brought up a lot of good points on @sternshow this morning i really hope he runs for president. @donniehoward2: @realdonaldtrump i m a democrat and i d vote for you in a second. thanks. @jlw2380: @sternshow i love when @realdonaldtrump comes on. he is so refreshingly honest. #greatguest. @kelliejo2013: your tweets are so entertaining!!! and pinehurst did look like cow shit! dusty ass tumbleweeds blowing around. geeeezzzz. @alexdub182821: @realdonaldtrump couldn t agree more about seth meyers he wss not meant for television - very sad! @holzmdk: @realdonaldtrump @dannyboiling trump for president. @mfbrooklyn: @realdonaldtrump everything u touch turns to gold i need to bump into u! work hard! @natalieccook @realdonaldtrump the best thing to happen to ur country is 2 c mr trump as president. 1st thing to change...ur health system. @alexdub182821: @realdonaldtrump great stuff on howard today! now call up jim kelly and get that buffalo bills deal done! @damnitjustin: @realdonaldtrump just saw trump tower in chicago. it looks great. @thewoods575: i would rather read @realdonaldtrump tweets than hear obama lie #tweetthetruth vs #lierlier. @thekeshkid: @realdonaldtrump for president? genius! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape! #trumpforpresident. @avegratiaplena: @realdonaldtrump i saw trump tower in chicago on fox...it looks beautiful! congratulations! love the trump sign too. @stargazer3141: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! our country needs you to fix this mess! @tojo413: spent the night at the trump tower...awesome! best lookin building in chi-town. powerful lookin sign too @rahmemanuel. @4thetruth2012: @realdonaldtrump @damnitjustin outstanding beautiful building for sure! @user33131: @realdonaldtrump: @1more77: @realdonaldtrump incredible interview on the @howardstern show. please please run for president! @davidgordonjr: tower in chicago is beautiful the name is the only sign of success they ve had in years... jealousy for sure! @paigekblake of all the places i ve stayed in oahu trump international is the best! #greatservice #besthotel #awesomestaff #luxury thx! @top40mogul there is never enough trump on @sternshow! why not have him on the phone at least once per month? @howardstern thanks! @carrgaz trump completes his takeover of turnberry and puts his own stamp on it. full story in tomorrow s carrick gazette great. @dalstar009 @realdonaldtrump needs to call into the @sternshow more often!!! thanks. @bkearnss haha gotta love listening to @realdonaldtrump on @sternshow .. says exactly what he s thinking lol true thanks. @kaylorcc @realdonaldtrump loved you on stern this morning. you always have a lot of interesting things to say. thank you. @sternshow. the perfect hawaiian getaway @trumpwaikikis 462 luxury guest rooms and suites each have spectacular views. @git921 @realdonaldtrump loved you on @howardstern. need to hear your brackets on a daily basis @sternshow great thank you. @boblafleur1 @realdonaldtrump good job on @howardstern you really are an inspiration you need your own radio show! thank you. @davidginsburg once again @realdonaldtrump kills on the @sternshow. trump @rqui ticket in 2016! : thanks! @alennemann650 @realdonaldtrump great interview on @sternshow #trump thank you. .@breitbartnews: donald trump: cantor s defeat shows everybody in congress vulnerable if they support amnesty. @trumptoronto congratulations to @trumpchicago for a successful installation of trump sign. really looks great! with our border not being secure obama is giving a pathway to terrorists to enter our country. an attack is on him. no one remembers who came in second. walter hagen. the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland. it s absolutely. @newhopenchange @realdonaldtrump @trumptoronto @trumpchicago - nicely done it s a magnificent sign. thank you! @bc4040 @trumpchicago looks great! @ night i saw it saturday during the day and it also looks great in the daylight too! great thanks! i was righttv ratings for us open are way down from last year. people dont want to look at a burned out ugly course! @pierpaolomonni @realdonaldtrump it is perfect! congratulations on this fantastic job! @trumptoronto @trumpchicago thank you. @thekeshkid: @realdonaldtrump for president? genius! he will definitely know how to put the american economy in shape! #trumpforpresident. @stephengrubba: @realdonaldtrump you were great today on @howardstern. hope you buy the @buffalobills. @cathemazanowicz: we know you will respect the property...and bring new life to it. putting turnberry on my bucket list.... great! @infamusg12: @realdonaldtrump love the new sign! @jamespdonahue1: @howardstern @tedd474 @realdonaldtrump another amazing and solid #siriusxm appearance from #donaldtrump. @aj baldwin: @howardstern today s show was fantastic! @realdonaldtrump was awesome and the real doll w eric was priceless. @kennokevin: @realdonaldtrump after the pics i ve seen the sign makes the tower look great. hands down best looking tower in chicago. @kpphotography38 @thedailyshow i m on a flight heading to chicago and i m excited to catch a glimpse of that sign. great thanks! @clarkr3000 love the sign in chicago! you built it and have every right to stamp your trademark on it. kudos! thank you. @nikkio just saw photos of sign at night - looks really nice. chronic complainers moan about everything --ignore them. thanks! breaking ground shortly trump intl washington dc will bring the dc post office far beyond its original grandeur. just met with the incoming speaker of the florida house @stevecrisafulli a fantastic guy! he will be a truly great leader. the exclusive home of @pgatour s @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of miami. .@trumpchicagos spa has an array of 5 star services12 treatment rooms & 53 spa guestrooms w great views. america used to be the leader of the world. thanks to obama america isn t even leading from behind. @keyboardbrian: @realdonaldtrump being the donald fan for many years yes the sign looks fantastic! @pearls n bows: @realdonaldtrump: be tough be smart be personable but don t take things personally. that s good business. @james dodenc: @realdonaldtrump mr trump i hope you will be running for president in 2016. obama s incompetence crippled america....... @myjr54: @realdonaldtrump run for president. i wanna deal maker in office. @emilyjeffrie @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago you know the meaning of class luxury and the pursuit of the american dream! #winner! thanks. @muzic mr. trump. i am a huge fan. i have all of your books and think you are a true genius. when will you run for president sir? watch! @iamkeysersoze: i think the sign matches the personality of the structure. bold but classy. whats wrong with #knuckleheadsinthemedia. @johnnyobots: @realdonaldtrump will you please run for president. we need a real leader thanks. @attaanago: watching back to back episodes of the apprentice @realdonaldtrump ....best show ever!!! thank you. @backontrackusa:not only is america not leading in the world anymore under obama america is destabilizing the world & making it dangerous. @bfc0312: @realdonaldtrump please stay active on twitter when you are president! really cute! @writeitnow : do you want to be inspired? watch @joan rivers on the apprentice season eight!!!! amazing woman! thanks for choosing her! @jamieemingg: @realdonaldtrump i cannot wait for the new season of @apprenticenbc u r my fav tv star thank you. @tbaldwin510todd: @realdonaldtrump @bfc0312 i would love the ass whopping you would give to hillary! may god have mercy upon my enemies because i won t --general george s. patton. @jorosem: ryan tries to portray himself as a young donald trump. no one can be trump. sorry bud. @realdonaldtrump #mdlny. every poll shows high approval of the new sign on @trumpchicago. i am honored by the great support. the exclusive home of @pgatour s @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral sits on 800 beautiful acres in the center of miami. a country that cannot protect its borders is a country destined to fail. another broken promise by our leaders in washington. will the benghazi terrorist use the videotape as a defense? if so will obama apologize to him? from fox and friends interview: trump: we should not go back to iraq. us army reserve @leezeldin will bring conservative solutions to dc. next tuesday vote for lee in the ny-1 primary. #zeldinforcongress. what took so long to catch only 1 of the benghazi terrorists? especially after the killer has been taunting the us in the press f 2 yrs. manufacturing is now less than 9 of us gdp. the rust belt heart of our countrys factory sector has been destroyed by our leaders. mexico doesnt respect our border hourly release usmc tahmooressi now! time for a boycott? #saveourmarine. @jlk5253 @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago i love the sign. it is tasteful and classy just like everything you do. thank you. every day st. maarten loses vital tourism dollars due to the incompetence of pm sarah westcot-williams. @primeministersx. mullet bay golf course looks like a slum on the beautiful island of st. maarten. @primeministersx should be ashamed for allowing this. pm sarah westcot-williams incompetence should not be rewarded. you should vote for anyone who runs against herloser! @primeministersx. .@trumpnewyork is nyc s only @forbesinspector 5 star & @aaanews 5 diamond hotel w a 5 star & 5 diamond restaurant. hook your career to a big trend. there are huge opportunities for profits if you can create big solutions. think big. resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus. .@primeministersx has no clue whats going on in st. maarten. mullet bay is a third world slum. @aj3fla @realdonaldtrump great job on @howardstern this week. always the best radio with the two of you. thank you. @gootecks @primeministersx agreed st maarten has so many issues and makes so many empty promises she s incompetent. @adamwebb uk @primeministersx incompetence should not be rewarded. you gotta love dt he does call a spade a spade #honesty. @uconncrazy @realdonaldtrump great to hear you on @sternshow. your honesty is refreshing. thank you. @cycick donald trump is the king of quotes you really should listen to him! thanks. i actually enjoyed the piece re sign @thedailyshow. could it be that im starting to like jon stewart? @carrollgroupchi @trumpchicago sign is looking great!! pic attached thank you. @ronkarkoviceff trump tower in chicago is a masterpiece that completes a gorgeous skyline! thanks! @jasonebean the trump name on a building brings class and creates a landmark for a city. thank you. #tbt saturday night live. @mike sherwood03: i love the new sign in chicago! it makes my drive down lakeshore drive that much better! keep up the good work! thanks. @trumpdoral: wishing trump national doral member lucy li the best of luck at the women s u.s. open. go lucy! @gil delgado: @realdonaldtrump - we just spent 3 nights & golfed at your aberdeen scotland resort and loved everything! great! @gunny44: @realdonaldtrump @carrollgroupchi @trumpchicago classic lettering gives it a good classy feel thanks. @poppawub: people please! although i would support trump he will never run for president fact why would he ever be so stupid! just wait. @krdevine: @realdonaldtrump very excited to see what the future holds for the new trump turnberry. any clues? it will be great! @trumpchicago: great to hear! @golftravelerbos: @realdonaldtrump my wife is at @trumpchicago right now and loving her room. top notch. @tomhovland1: @realdonaldtrump @poppawub no one else can beat hillary except you d. trump ! i agree! competitive golf is played mainly on a five-and-a-half-inch course... the space between your ears. - bobby jones. when youre at a meeting monitor your behavior and work at being an observer of yourself and of others. think like a billionaire. from the wall street journal: google steps into autism research re @autismspeaks. must read! my @chicagotribune editorial: i love chicago ... and my sign! the @amspec interview by jeffrey lord: a trump card - the donald talks politics and parenting. listen my citizens united political victory fund robo-call for @leezeldin #zeldinforcongress. why isn t mexico releasing our marine. u.s. should come down really hard on them. they have zero respect for our so-called leader. @jdmcc: i feel weird ab it but @realdonaldtrump was on @howardstern this morn & i surprisingly liked him a lot. dudes got his shiz together. @domeski1981: @graemereid1984 @trumpgolflinks @realdonaldtrump what a place mate. loved it. @helpful karen:t r u m p in lights ! never turn the light out ! .trumphotelcollection.com chicago @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump great job! @jijassim: love the sign #chicagoproud @realdonaldtrump thanks. @carlideibel7: @realdonaldtrump run for president thanks carli. @wisegirlsrule: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago i find it humorous that your sign shall stand alone as a result of the new regulation!!! @jimrcottage: @realdonaldtrump @sternshow mr. trump you were witty respectful entertaining and as howard said just a down to earth guy! @splashmediabstn: @realdonaldtrump i love the sign! @scott23youmans: if you run i will vote for you. if you don t shame on you. be cool! @zglittergirl: @lisa6654 @shellipep @realdonaldtrump ppl tweeted him & begged him not to cast her. i wont watch this season. yes you will! @jazminvgarcia: i am seriously afraid for our country. people don t realize the u.s is headed for economic destruction. @realdonaldtrump. @hockey brenna13: listening to @realdonaldtrump on the howard stern show....what a guy! @sternshow. @davidkobzeff1: @realdonaldtrump can you please be obamas replacement interesting way of putting it! @ipod jay: @realdonaldtrump @carlideibel7 you ll make a great president thanks. @katiemacla: @realdonaldtrump @jijassim one of the best hotel stays i ve ever had in the world. superb all around! #bravo #chicagosbest. @tfleming11: @realdonaldtrump @jijassim lived in chicago all my life. sign looks great! thanks. @konk65: @realdonaldtrump great visit on howard stern this week. i can t wait for your next visit! @sternshow. @sdnc13: @realdonaldtrump when you do the things you ve done you can put your name on it!!! thanks. @chriswerner1988: @realdonaldtrump it even lights up?? that s so hot #bestchicagosign. @briangirardot: @realdonaldtrump @jijassim greatest sign in all of illinois!!! @misssaribrooke @realdonaldtrump i m going to chicago next week and i m def going to get a pic with the new trump sign! #chicago #trumpsign. @chiefsnation25: @realdonaldtrump i love u your the man!!!! great interview on @sternshow. @footballguru99: @realdonaldtrump love the sign!!! @cliffwf: @realdonaldtrump love the sign in chicago. its got class. @munkykracker: @realdonaldtrump: @footballguru99: @realdonaldtrump love the sign!!! lol. @ashk @realdonaldtrump i m in nyc for the first time.. probably gonna visit trump tower. will you be in town? i need to meet my roll model. @ mhall: flew through lga on friday and got a good look at your amazing plane. to bad lga is such a dump. not a great welcome to nyc. @housemusictv: you were amazing on @howardstern last week well done you have our vote for what ever ! @realdonaldtrump. @oddi donovan 99: you re a big thinker and one of a kind... go for president of usa @realdonaldtrump . @lady laurettina: @realdonaldtrump i admire you so much! : thanks. @replicatemedia: mr trump you were excellent on howard stern! it is time that america is rebuilt on a renewed foundation of capitalism! @jasonsiskcre: @realdonaldtrump very impressed with trump tower vancouver. nicely done sir. great building-thanks. @natasha tut13: @realdonaldtrump i like to read your tweets and i am delighted with you intelligent decent strong man! thanks. @glennhowerton: rt .@misscassie1230: @realdonaldtrump for president! smarter than any man in the usa! true! i loved the day paul goldberger got fired or left as n.y.times architecture critic and has since faded into irrelevance. kamin next! @jperk1: @realdonaldtrump goldberger was a loser true really bad taste - but he s gone now! @whiteshaunwhite i salute your courage and work sir! you possess all the entrepreneurial and leadership qualities. y not run for president. @judibluiz99: @realdonaldtrump i love the new letters! very classy! @tx shaun @realdonaldtrump i think rahm emanuel really likes the sign he just complains because your not a bleeding heart liberal like him. @rhumeey: @realdonaldtrump. bluntness is thy name oh donald trump!.....you call it as it is regardless whose ox is gored. @nyrr: #queens10k #funfact: former queens residents include @realdonaldtrump martin scorsese @juddapatow and nancy reagan! great place! @abdulmalikm103: @realdonaldtrump @whiteshaunwhite donald trump will serve a positive government if elected president. @brooneybrooney: @realdonaldtrump love your thoughts and opinions on the central park 5! n.y. city is paying forty million dollars to five men that many think are guilty as hell. so many facts - should have been trial. politics! how much money are the lawyers for the central park five getting out of the 40 million dollars or are they paid by the city or both ? i d bet the lawyers for the central park 5 are laughing at the stupidity of n.y.c. when there was such a strong case against their clients. @riskyliberal: @realdonaldtrump donald you are the smartest man ever and the most visionary! thanks! @jmagiera: @realdonaldtrump right on donald! your tweets on the cent. park 5 are the truth! @coreykotowski: @realdonaldtrump they are laughing on their way to the bank. @moflatley: were likely paid w public funds for original services now likely to get nearly half of settlement.#doubledipping. @dustindemoss: @realdonaldtrump i disagree with you on a lot of things but you re spot on on the 5. well finally! @darkpig2: @anggitalestari1 @realdonaldtrump america and the world needs a smart strongpatriotic leadermr trump is that man. i agree! @jacquelynileneh: rt @teamhealthnut: donald trump by mac miller will always be a hit. i agree! @abouttherock: who do i look up to? the answer is donald trump. thank you work hard and smart. @abouttherock: @realdonaldtrump i just started reading trump 101 it s a great book mr.trump. terrific! @beatsbyray: @realdonaldtrump donald you re the man thanks! @dsmerza: hello donald i have looked up to your success in business relations since i was a teenager. i am a small business owner. i will be on fox & friends at 7 a.m. - 10 minutes. much to talk about enjoy! @wftragni: @realdonaldtrump for president! if anyone can turn this country around its you donald! true. @reinosooo: @realdonaldtrump are you serious about being president? i have a lot of faith in you. thank you. @missionh0tr0d: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president in 2016 you have my vote! #2016 thanks. @mrkhanm87: everyone wants to be donald trump yet no one knows what he has been through in past. no one wants to accept the hard work. @akd72: @realdonaldtrump i bet you will make hell of a president the world needs presidents like you. @algiers4: @realdonaldtrump @reinosooo you are the light. the only human who can guide this nation to the eagles wings and lands beyond!!! .@graeme mcdowell great playing graeme - you are a true champion! @wwtcorp: @realdonaldtrump: the trump organization finalizes purchase of legendary turnberry resort in scotland. @lorde erc: wish i had hair like @realdonaldtrump great taste! @morgansscool: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! you have my vote.we need more people like you in this world!! you re a great man! @gabtrojan: @realdonaldtrump surely an amazing thing for america if you run the country. great mind at work! would make u.s. great again! @nikkio: donaldtrump. the turnberry is your global crown jewel...anybody who is anybody will add this resort to their must visit list. do you believe that secy. kerry just went to egypt to talk about human rights problems and this as everything is being blown up around him. i wonder if when secy. kerry goes to iraq and afghanistan he pushes hard for them to look at global warming and study the carbon footprint? the dying @nydailynews asked me to do an editorial on the central park 5 ripoff & then they pretend it was my idea. loser newspaper! the failing @nydailynews which just raised its prices because its dying said i wear a wig when they know i dont. dishonest. @proventures excited to hear what trump has in store for #turnberry. if anything like @trumpdoral we are in for a treat! it will be great! @jimrcottage @timbdickson @realdonaldtrump @sternshow he was on howard stern last week. awesome interview! thank you. must read @nypost editorial on 40m nyc taxpayer settlement to central park thugs -- wilding for profit. its monday. how much will premiums rise today because of obamacare? repeal! always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- arnold palmer @kingdommag. flashbk trump: i would build a border fence like you have never seen before via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites. @d the government spends millions to keep bad people to come in via air travel. now they go through mexico. wish donaldtrump was in charge. @doncaasi: @realdonaldtrump: always make a total effort even when the odds are against you. -- arnold palmer @kingdommag. @dexcaliber: i have to confess i think the mr. trump would have been a much better president then this fool we hav in office now. @soyerjanis: @gretawire i wish @realdonaldtrump would run 4 president we need him! if he cares enough about this country he will run. @intheelections: @nydailynews it seems democrats are incapable of honesty especially where you are concerned afraid of you. trump 2016! @kevinhite: @realdonaldtrump im sure u will never read but totally agree w u re: seth meyer. terrible & feel embarrassed for him. awkward! @intheelections: @therealhoodrept @realdonaldtrump the obama administration is the american disaster trump 2016 is the solution. so true! @soyerjanis: donaldtrump @intheelections @nydailynews please don t mess with us again please run & don t change your mind. we need you. @azizijoe 7: @realdonaldtrump go for it sir!!! just watch! great going @themichellewie you showed the world that all of that amazing talent is for real. we love you at trump jupiter @tngcj. i hope voters in mississippi cast their ballot for @senatormcdaniel. he is strong he is smart & he wants things to change in washington. @birdiefiregolf @trumpgolfdc for hosting this special event for charities benefiting our brave men ... my honor! @blutograndex know how u can tell trump is successful? almost half the accounts he follows are businesses w his name in them interesting! @brendakenesonwe @nydailynews: i ve done hair since i was 14 that s real not a rug! true thanks but they know it--dishonest press. i am the only potential owner of the @buffalobills who will keep the team in buffalo where it belongs! a @senatormcdaniel win is a victory for our country. chris is a constitutional conservative who ll make a difference in washington. the benghazi terrorist is getting speedier care than our vets at the va. obama has his priorities. the 9.11.12 attack on the benghazi consulate was a sophisticated multi-prong wave attack. when will all the 50 fighters face justice? another cover-up. obama wont disclose how many illegal immigrants he has released into our country no surprise. @astock1058 looking to open my own businesses. any advice you can give on that subject? find something you love doing--& never give up! the only way to do great work is to love what you do. if you havent found it yet keep looking. dont settle. steve jobs. @wftragni: @realdonaldtrump to get america back on track. trump will be the best president the united states has ever seen. don t hate. in the center of irelands rugged west coast @trump ireland offers a beautiful golf course top dining and a spa. the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain. congrats to @leezeldin on a great victory. i hope my robocalls helped! #ny1. trump tower punta del este features the trump organization s signature superior quality detail & perfection. @rhino848484 @realdonaldtrump in chicago on a business trip. i love seeing the trump name!! thanks! @bentrolling: @realdonaldtrump @wil johnson1 you are a king maker don! true! @gzervs: all i want for my birthday is for @realdonaldtrump to wish me a happy birthday! happy birthday. @lizzieliz : #chicago #trumptower @realdonaldtrump great building. @mfinale1: #bringbackourmarine let s do this america. boycott mexico @realdonaldtrump. @woofeous: @realdonaldtrump quote: some succeed because they are destined to but most succeed because they are determined to. @sonnyhhunter: @realdonaldtrump just got a phone survey about your sign in chicago - love it & the beautiful building it s on. well done. @grecoch i love how my kids know who @realdonaldtrump is but have no clue who our pm is. so what if we re canadian. # nothingwrongwiththat. @hearusnowusa1: @realdonaldtrump: @rhino848484 @realdonaldtrump in chicago on a business trip. i love seeing the trump name!! thanks! boycott mexico until they release our marine. with all the money they get from the u.s. this should be an easy one. no respect! @profileschatter: @realdonaldtrump @wftragni if trump can control his crazy then it s a go . he can make the u.s. great again. is no crazy. @kpphotography38: donald definitely has the retweeting and replying to tweets down! i loved your sign in chicago. #trumpforpresident. @bentrolling: i truly think @forbes underestimates @realdonaldtrump s actual net worth that s true and they do it knowingly - who cares! @tagiii: @realdonaldtrump @mfinale1 explain why bho rescues a deserter and leaves a real soldier rotting in a mexican jail? @surajlalla: @realdonaldtrump: some succeed because they are destined to but most succeed because they are determined to. @vfroe: i m over 70 and have never seen such arrogance incompetence and ill -intentions as this president and his aids. @generalgcuster: @realdonaldtrump @surajlalla it s time to start your political career. the people want you to run. @ meagann: @realdonaldtrump will we see celebrity apprentice again soon? i love that show! yes just finished shooting. now syria is bombing iraq and secy. kerry after we blew the hell out of the place says please don t do that. syria is a front for iran. if you entered our country illegally and are then granted amnesty why would you abide by other laws? no amnesty! its thursday. which brand of eyeliner is the nations worst ag @agschneiderman wearing today? failures are expected by losers ignored by winners. -- @coachjoegibbs. @david bossie: @realdonaldtrump-backed candidate wins ny gop primary via @newsmax media. america s top public course @trumpgolflas greens on palos verdes peninsula have been celebrated by @golfmagazine. i look forward to my press conference on weds of next week @trumpturnberry to discuss changes & big investment i ll make. very exciting! eli wallach was a great actor and a great guy. my opinion-- his performance in the good the bad and the ugly was his all time best! secy john kerry has a tough job but he looks so totally lost negotiating w those characters who are cleaning his clock. sad to watch... in other words secy john kerry is so out of his element. as iran began the process of taking over iraq many people wanted me to say that i told you so! so i told you so. someone just wrote that you predicted every single major event thats now happeningand they knock you instead of giving you credit. exclusively @macys the donald j. trump signature collection features the best ties & shirts at the best prices. .@bretbaiers newly released book special heart brings a message of hope. all sales donated to heart charities. via @newsmax media by @melaniebatley: trump-backed candidate @leezeldin wins ny gop primary. after these spirited primaries are over @gop must be fully united for november. if we take the senate we stop obamas agenda. i m leaving now for ireland spain scotland and elsewhere--crazy life! #tbt filming an oreo commercial with eli manning peyton manning and darrell hammond-. our q1 gdp was -2.9 . worst in memory -- obamacare killing jobs stopping growth and making small business insecure. control your own destiny or someone else will. -- jack welch. success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. nothing less. realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute. practice positive thinking--this will keep you focused while weeding out anything that is unnecessary negative or detrimental. i just arrived in barcelona. i make a big speech tomorrow and then off to ireland and scotland. i know shia labeouf @thecampaignbook and when sober a really nice guy. must get act together fast before too late. lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business out of new york for his own public relations benefit. a real dope! @pierpaolomonni welcome back in europe @realdonaldtrump! #barcelona #europe thank you. #flashbackfriday many big movies have filmed in my buildings. here is @trumpchicago in #transformers 3. ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you. i am in ireland inspecting my great and very beautiful atlantic ocean property. it is one of the most spectacular hotels anywhere! doonbeg. @newswriter2: @4enzictom: newspaper: we were wrong to endorse obama he s even worse than george bush. @tx shaun: @realdonaldtrump another masterpiece donald! @hohummm: @realdonaldtrump looks spectacular. @dmolesevich: i know who i d endorse and give my money in a heartbeat and that s @realdonaldtrump please run! thank you. @onlinebizxpress: we love your business updates and insights. don t waste your energy on politics. business is where you shine. @msantiago70: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! your the only one for the job. @damicoj03: i can t understand people who dont like @realdonaldtrump .. must be because he s got everything anyone wishes they had. thanks. @mitchconnor4: @realdonaldtrump after watching the roast of you i can confirm you are ready to be president! it was fun thanks. @dmolesevich: @realdonaldtrump you are the only person that can beat hillary many are saying that interesting! always remember i was the one who got obama to release his birth certificate or whatever that was! hilary couldn t mccain couldn t. @realmattshroyer: best looking building in chicago. we enjoyed our stay greatly. i like the new trump addition. @robbmack17: cracking day at trump international links scotland yesterday. what a place to play golf! loved it. @thenobodyspcl: @realdonaldtrump but can you get him to stop sucking at his job? that would be sadly impossible. @nmoran361: @realdonaldtrump powerful book thank you!!! great. @laineyk251: it was a pleasure to meet you today mr.trump wishing the very best with trump international doonbeg. @jpleevs: love the sign .@realdonaldtrump well done. @greggscharin: we need you to push the issues that this country is facing no one else will lay it on the line like you will! #trumpcarson. @kyleweaverr: @realdonaldtrump when is the celebrity apprentice coming back? i m going through withdrawal! #soonplease soon! @tehouchins: @realdonaldtrump then please run for president! @redslightning: @realdonaldtrump country needs the right person for the job there s only one! trump 2016 thanks. @averychasten: @realdonaldtrump if not you then who? #2016 #nooptions. @phemale61: @mattbinder @realdonaldtrump run trump run!! @steamboatgal8: @realdonaldtrump your my fav for 2016 thanks. @spe mike @realdonaldtrump i live here in chicago and i love it!!! your building is amazing as is your sign!! thank you. a testament to american ingenuity @trumptowerny shines over fifth avenue as one of nycs most iconic buildings. have passion for what you do and be efficient at the same time. - think like a champion. @wrcosentino @trumptowerny was there for the 1st time last week beautiful bldg inside too!! thanks. i look forward to my press conference @trumpturnberry scotland this wednesday--lots of great people attending. business is a creative endeavor. cultivate a sense of discovery and start thinking big. the more you know the more you realize how much you don t know. how can you possibly discover anything if you already know everything? what can you learn today that you didn t know before? set the bar high -- do the best you possibly can. amazing. people are sending letters of support for @trumpchicagos sign to my other properties including even @trumpscotland. thank you! @douglasseacat1: where are all the liberal environmentalists demanding the end of wind turbines to stop the slaughter of birds? so true! @starlight10: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago @trumpscotland you should run for president of usa! @retog rick @trumpturnberry congratulations! great feat accomplished. well done can t wait to get an opportunity to golf this venue thx. i m convinced that about half of what separates successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance. steve jobs. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious: look at the solution not the problem. entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don t no one else will either. entrepreneurs: stay focused and be tenacious. remain fixed on your goals. trump intl washington d.c. is a historic building which our entire nation can take pride in & enjoy opening 2016. @ashleyheerding my favorite sky scraper in new york so far has definitely been trump tower. such a classy & timeless design. great job thx. @matthewjellis2 breathtaking!! finally trump has begun the rebuilding of our nation s capital. sir well done thanks. make your nyc getaway memorable -- @trumpnewyork provides both true luxury and top access to midtown west. @modivmusic i ve been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about @warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read! the art of the deal. @adamwebz can t wait to get to play @trumpturnberry...been on my list for a long time. awesome job thanks--you will love it! @heywny @the open let s get turnberry back in the rotation. mr trump has given to the game so much in such a short time i.e. doral thanks. awarded the renowned 5-star @forbesinspector rating the 65-story @trumpto brings style luxury & impeccable service. @districtland14 @realdonaldtrump we know a fourth-grader who thinks he s the next trump! tell him to work hard! champions aren t made in the gyms. champions are made from something they have deep inside them - a desire a dream a vision. muhammad ali. @billkellyemail: @trumpchicago @trumpscotland dt your sign is one of the only beacons of hope the youth of chicago have left! trump turnberry news conference tomorrow at noon scotland time. the place is amazing! @modivmusic i ve been reading @therealkiyosaki books and about warrenbuffett lately. i need some trump books to read! the art of the deal. @jenna w: my parents asked me what i wanted to do after high school and i remember i say there and said i wanna be like donaldtrump. thanks. @stevesipress: rt @realdonaldtrump: entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don t nobody else will! @bahia6085: @official yl @realdonaldtrump @trumpnewyork @trumptoronto what s there to debate? @billkellyemail: @realdonaldtrump @trumpchicago @trumpscotland dt your sign is one of the only beacons of hope for the youth of chicago! @michelleazulll: @realdonaldtrump: entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious: look at the solution not the problem. @zakspace11: @mattginellagc @realdonaldtrump was just at turnberry.. the place is awesome. @heartsurvivor07: @realdonaldtrump wonder what ideas you would have to rebuild detroit. if anyone can do it you can. #businessgenius. via @bbcscotland: donald trump s name will boost @trumpturnberry. .@guardian sport by @mrewanmurray:donald trumps transformation will make @trumpturnberry open worth the wait. achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. i never quit trying. i never felt that i didn t have a chance to win. -- arnold palmer @kingdommag. donald trump unveils vision for @trumpturnberry via @bunkeredonline by @mmcewanbunkered. @caledoniangolf: also good to see @realdonaldtrump not being drawn into independence debate. either way trump turnberry is a winner. @westont7 the tower looks beautiful donald. best building in the city hands down! love what you do! thank you. @cannestrader74 i find reading your tweets get me in the right mind set for trading. it is proving invaluable so thank you. great thx. @tv bd @realdonaldtrump what s the best advice to be successful in business? have passion for your work. then focus and never give up. via american spectator @amspec trump card by jeffrey lord. offering two championship courses @trumpgolfdc has been awarded the honor of hosting the 2017 @seniorpgachamp. with an elite course designed by @sharkgregnorman @trump charlotte is north carolinas most desirable club. .@sharkgregnorman @trump charlotte looking great love the improvements to the buildings and grounds! not to mention course thank you. if you want to be successful two important considerations are passion and efficiency. - think like a champion. to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.-- ralph waldo emerson. always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln. @kingcamsmith: @realdonaldtrump please run in 16 kentucky is ready to support you!! thanks. after foolishly spending two trillion s and losing so many great young people the u.s. will be the only one who won t get the oil in iraq. do these very stupid politicians who got us involved in iraq look bad or what? everybody wants their oil - only made possible by u.s.! @madinahtamer: please run for president this country needs true leadership @realdonaldtrump thank you. happy 4th of july to everyone including the haters and losers! @trump charlotte i heard the fireworks show was amazing. such a great club deserves it! see everyone there soon - fantastic place. let this be the day you go for your dream. focus don t give up and only accept total and complete victory. you can do it! @kornegay danna: we have a bunch of idiots running the government! why americans keep voting these same people back into office sickens me. @automobilelens: if the donald were in charge we would get enough oil to pay for the war and more! try to trump that cowboys! @adelbmoufarrej: mr. trump you are avoiding the responsibility of running for president since the nineties. be patriotic and run.. watch! @woofeous: @realdonaldtrump typical i bet the dems will surrender the oil over to the russians & chinese as payment for our debts etc. @backontrackusa: @realdonaldtrump and we shouldn t help iraq this time unless we get 2 trillion in free oil guaranteed in writing. @your cousin: @realdonaldtrump only 1 man has the street and business smarts that can make this country #1 again. trump 2016 i agree! @manruss: @realdonaldtrump @backontrackusa it was helping iraq that caused this problem in the first place. @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump if ever we needed someone to lead us out of this mess nows the time dj! true! @atlanta event: negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump. @lynneoakvik: rt @40billion: donald trump proves hair is real interview --in case you were wondering... @talismanjohnnya: @realdonaldtrump great way to start monday today d tellin it like it is.. we need somebody in office like...um... you? @halesy74: just watched the cnn living golf segment. interesting interview and trump international course was looking spectacular!! @dgeurtt: reading #thinklikeachampion by @realdonaldtrump - the most inspirational person! thank you mr. trump thank you. @stutskey: thanks @realdonaldtrump for putting my name on the top of the tv screen when i turn it on! #trumpinternationaltowerlasvegas. @k940creed: @realdonaldtrump saw the #trump building in vegas today. beautiful! chicago is still my favorite! @meander2011 mr trump please treat turnberry gc with respect. hearing about the lighthouse and your plans......it s iconic... i will! @carrgaz @realdonaldtrump believes trump turnberry can be the best resort anywhere in the world. true easy. buy at the point of maximum pessimism sell at the point of maximum optimism. -- sir john templeton. @mashawwwws they say read a book it ll make you smarter. i say read a book by @realdonaldtrump and you become more intelligent. thanks. nycs sole hamman the bi-level @trumpsoho features indoor & outdoor relaxation lounges with luxury services. via @dallasnews @neighborsgo by heather noel: shelton school graduate receives handwritten note from donald trump. historic change! obama has spent over 44m of our money on travel expenses the most for any president. obamas statement that illegals cant stay obamas promise if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. your tax dollars well spent. over 1.295m obamacare enrollees will also be illegal immigrants are you surprised? america is the experiment that works. president ronald reagan. @workwithkg: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing . - donald trump - so very true! @fsmalang: show me a man without an ego and i ll show you a loser - donald trump. @dumbrandy: god bless you @realdonaldtrump #bestinthebusiness. @markcannizzaro: if you r lucky enough to play trump aberdeen scotland make sure you get @dbeattie53 to loop for you. #bestcaddieinthebarn. @markcannizzaro: just played @realdonaldtrump s scotland course. verdict: fantastic. dispelled all biased anti-donald chatter i d heard. @backontrackusa:imagine how much tax money it will cost americans when obama legalizes 25 million illegal aliens&gives them free obamacare. @chargermike41: @backontrackusa wtf. free to the immigrants? but the rest of us that have to bust out asses just to get by have to pay? @datdudehead: we ve got to do something about this left wing socialist regime who has let our country go to hell. calling president trump. the immigration crisis is a horrible mess made worse by an incompetent president who doesn t have a clue. we need new leadership fast! our country will soon be relegated to third world status if proper decisions are not made by our president. he was never qualified for job! listen to others but never negate your own instincts. trump never give up. be a yardstick of quality. some people aren t used to an environment where excellence is expected. -- steve jobs. just looked at new selection of donald j. trump signature collection ties & shirts @macys -- fantastic! would make great gifts! thank you to @golfweekmag for naming trump international golf links scotland #1 -- gb&i best modern course -- a great honor! opening in 2016 @trumpvancouvers original twisting design will transform the skyline at 616 ft. & 63 stories. set the example and youll be a magnet for the right people. thats the best way to work with people you like. think like a champion. high above the city @trumplasvegas pool deck mixes business & pleasure over a soaring bar of sky-bound gold. @beuka23 @realdonaldtrump recently stayed in your hotel in vegas...it s beautiful my wife and i loved our stay!! great thanks. @ mikessmith: i d vote for @realdonaldtrump in 2016. thanks. @the glansberg: @realdonaldtrump for prez! @thattangorhythm: @realdonaldtrump have you ever considered running for office with warren buffett? talk about a power ticket for 2016. @dabostonfan: @realdonaldtrump if you were in office you would do everything right. true. @tweetmyjobs: in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. - donald trump. @ceiebhomes: donald trump s palm beach mansion. @rickshielspga: the unbelievable trump international was a huge pleasure to play today! such an experience! thanks. @wwwabcsignsbiz:america needs a proven leader & successful businessman to get us back #heresyoursign #trump2016 #usa. @johnathonm: @realdonaldtrump @nsaidian already happened look at detroit. they turned off the water to 150k people toe weeks ago usa next! @goodguykuchar: keep fighting for the #american flag @realdonaldtrump! i will! @noelill: @tmzlive they should get @rosie and @realdonaldtrump on @theviewtv i would watch it everyday. cute! if only the illegals were tea party members then obama would get them out of the country immediately. we should cut off all aid to every country that does not respect our border. why are we giving them money in the first place? there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border usmc sgt. tahmooressi. boycott mexico? #freeourmarine. as you go through life you ve got to see the valleys as well as the peaks. neil young. @sperzelgal @realdonaldtrump thanks for your inspiration keeping things real thank you. in the heart of midtown new york @trumptowerny is a landmark which hosts tourists from the around the world daily. located in the beautiful countryside of mooresville @trump charlotte has a superb clubhouse & top amenities. featuring @bltprime & palm grill @trumpdoral offers a wide array of acclaimed top dining options. obama is in texas but will not be visiting the border. he is too busy fundraising! congratulations to @yankees derek jeter on being named to 2014 @mlb @allstargame! @tedbishop38pga the talk of scottish open is all trump international. rose j walker phil and rory all loving it majorly thx ted enjoy! @justinrose99 nine holes @ trump international golf links today in scotland the course is amazing. thanks justin play well this week. @daveforsyth67 @justinrose99 @trumpscotland best layout i ve ever played! thanks david so nice. @philstephen @justinrose99 @realdonaldtrump sensational. make sure you play the full 18 before you go... thanks phil. @stu manley played trump international today unbelievable course decent mode of transport to thanks stuart. @kennymchardy visited balmedie yesterday for @taylormadetour day fantastic course! will need to go back for full 18 thanks kenny. @swraley: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president and wins it will mean that the job market will be strong when i graduate #trumpera true. @twins44: @realdonaldtrump i could listen to you on howard for a whole day straight. no one promotes himself better then you. #trumprules. @justinrose99: nine holes @ trump international golf links today in scotland the course is amazing. #trump. @awlove4ever: after you left dude i played some mac miller donald trump soooo loud and smoked that last lucky. @jdmixon: @realdonaldtrump please run for president in 2016! you have my support 100 thanks. @mikemcleod14: @realdonaldtrump you were great on greta tonite. thanks. @tbufft: @realdonaldtrump on @gretawire when was the last time something positive has happened in this country? hmmmm....so true. @linnie13: @realdonaldtrump very good points made tonight on greta. @scalplock: @realdonaldtrump says it. stop sending money to mexico until marine freed. #tcot #pjnet. @ry connolly: @realdonaldtrump telling it like it is on fox news right now mexico is spitting in obama s face and he does nothing #legend. @reginafrye69: @realdonaldtrump thankyou for supporting our #marineheldinmexico #freeourmarine yes #obama could do something. @imill5: why can t @realdonaldtrump run our country? the man knows his stuff!! @txblondegrad: @realdonaldtrump @imill5 i d vote for trump in a heartbeat. no question. good decision. @seaopdet1: stand up and help us trump!!! please!!! someone with some clout needs to do something to get the madman out of office! @userback: @realdonaldtrump @imill5 what do you say donald? run for president??? @svengunn: we played trump int l last year. spectacular golf course. caddy alan neal made the day. @realdonaldtrump. @mopo55: my son s high school graduation present. guess where he wanted to go! trump national of course! great! @erikestrada: @mikemcleod14 mr. trump - i agree with you and your stance on the american flag waving proudly over the golf course.gracias. obama looks exhausted and beaten. he was never made or prepared for the job. like it or not he doesn t have it. @l0rdg4g4: @realdonaldtrump rosie back on @theviewtv ? what do you think about that mr. trump? she will self destruct as she always does. the most stringent gun laws in the u.s. happen to be in chicago - and look what is happening there! @ericleebow: @realdonaldtrump hopefully after 6 years you still have it in you. a vote for trump is a vote for a champion. thanks. @kaeladianne97: the only way to fix our country s mess is @realdonaldtrump for president in 2016! he is the smartest and most capable man! .@alexsalmond i hope you played well at royal aberdeen but u must admit the windmill hovering over hole 14 is disgusting & inappropriate. central america s tallest building @trumppanamas sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind. our govt should immediately stop sending s to mexico no friend until they release marine & stop allowing immigrant inflow into u.s. @jeniferstevens @danarigdon every trump property i ve seen or played including courses and hotels redefines perfection great thank you. my conversation from on the record @gretawire. usmc sgt. tahmooressi sacrificed for our country. while obama is welcoming illegals our marine is locked in a mexican jail. #freeourmarine. @pma1048 @realdonaldtrump not sure what the fuss is about i think the sign looks great! thanks. @welles19 2016 too late. america won t survive another 12 months of this lawless o regime & @gop cowards. that s what comebacks r about. @kyleraccio @realdonaldtrump thank you for fighting for our marine! you re welcome. @thenicksutton how does @realdonaldtrump feel about rosie back at @theviewtv? they are desperate--a short term fix! when will the u.s. stop sending s to our enemies i.e. mexico and others. mexico is allowing many thousands to go thru their country & to our very stupid open door. the mexicans are laughing at us as buses pass by. honolulus best @trumpwaikiki features a dozen distinct tropically decorated hawaii hotel rooms and suite layouts. let your passion for your work carry you through all the setbacks they can throw at you. trump never give up. you have to keep going and moving forward no matter what is happening around you or to you. think like a champion. don t fight the problem decide it. general george c. marshall. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein. if a person is #1 at harvard and comes from europe or asia they can t get into the u.s. from mexico etc. with a criminal record no problem. @backontrackusa:we should be placing tariffs on mexican goods coming into this country to reimburse the american taxpayer&secure the border. @jeff smith7: @realdonaldtrump maybe perry can put in a 9 hole golf course on the banks of the rio grande to lure obama to see the border? @tbufft: @thenicksutton @theviewtv hearing rosie s name makes me nauseous! seeing her face makes me puke! cant imagine watching her! @verumvulnero1: i dig the trump chicago sign. say whatever you want about @realdonaldtrump...he builds beautiful buildings. .so true! rosie is back on the view which tells you how desperate they must be. it is the standard short term fix and long term disaster. @rongreenjr: trump has reason to be proud of his trump international scotland course. spectacular setting great fun. the donald delivered. rosie is crude rude obnoxious and dumb - other than that i like her very much! @mr hawk440: @realdonaldtrump your daughter would be great on the view. why not someone interesting for once ? now that would really work! on june 1st. near washington d.c. i will be opening the greatest championship golf course in the u.s. all holes front on the potomac river. .@justinrose99 great playing today in the scottish open. i see our practice facility is helpinguse it a lot! @j58golf @realdonaldtrump phil mickelson gave your course nice praise in his interview with rich lerner. thanks. @mrsdurkinmuses just asked frequent las vegas visitor where to stay. he said @trumplasvegas @realdonaldtrump thanks. mexican leadership has been laughing at us for many years but now its no longer laughterits disbelief... ...mexico cannot believe what they are getting away with and have absolutely no respect for our leader. @cwjaccount @michaelgreen77 @realdonaldtrump why are we sending money to mexico? we all know where it will end up. true--a total waste! @zraph @realdonaldtrump @pma1048 can t wait to go back. best hotel in chicago! thanks. @gregglink @realdonaldtrump amazing building and love the new sign! thank you. @shaniquamanning @trumpwaikiki it looks like you ve outdone yourself donald. beautiful property! thanks! my @ingrahamangle interview on the border crisis usmc tahmooressi & my fight for the american flag 15:00 mark. on the luxurious palos verdes peninsula @trumpgolfla features @golfworldus top public course & elite restaurants. via @cbsla: donald trump fights to keep large american flag flying at southland golf course. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. the three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: hard work stick-to-itiveness and common sense. -- thomas a. edison. my @breitbartnews @biggovt editorial: a country that cannot protect its borders will not last. i have nothing to do with the plaza casino in atlantic city. i have not been involved with atlantic city for many years. used to love a.c.! @bigcorpny: @realdonaldtrump yah ac ended when you stopped loving it! @vernacarre: @realdonaldtrump right move right time for you. typical of your intelligence and business sense. great timing. @stdyeddyd: @realdonaldtrump mr trump rocks. i wish i had the money to play his great golf courses. he epitomizes success. work hard! @jonhinck: oh @realdonaldtrump surely if you had been elected president the united states would still reign supreme. 100 certain! @cs522: @realdonaldtrump @stdyeddyd lol everything in life is luck. donald trump i never made this ridiculous statement. the harder you work the luckier you get! @tahanna: @cs522 @stdyeddyd mr trump even the trolls hang on your every word! they pretend to despise you! ignore keep inspiring! @aguscalo:every time that somebody ask me about my future i always say: i want to be like donald trump . you re such an inspiration thanks. @meenah83: @realdonaldtrump. now i really hope u re contesting for that seat in the white house come 2016. watch! @jurciuoli19: @realdonaldtrump hoping nbc announces a premiere date of apprentice today at press tour! everyone misses the show. soon. i can t believe that 60 minutes is right now showing our nuclear facilities for the world to see at request of u.s. leadership . stupid! @jenpinsd: @wshemp @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! @asa willi8: after watching fox this morning i m convinced that @realdonaldtrump should run for president! thanks. @asrteammatt: @realdonaldtrump now you have to listen to the bull when other people ran it into the ground. @mattdykstramiz: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. i will gladly work on your campaign. @nucmedman1: @realdonaldtrump our country would be in better condition for future if you were in charge instead of this clown. true. @dannyjones1967: @realdonaldtrump trump for presidant! i ve waited years for this to happen! #trumpknowsbest. @jimjacobs18: @realdonaldtrump are you overqualified to be president since you have actually held a job???? : a very good question! @joesillett: only followed @realdonaldtrump from across the pond for a couple of weeks but his use of @twitter is superb. #manofthepeople. again for all of the haters and losers i have nothing to do with atlantic city - got out a long time ago! record cold temperatures in july - 20 to 30 degrees colder than normal. what the hell happened to global warming? it is a joke the amount of time that network news spends talking about the weather. no wonder their ratings are way down! enough already. refloating the costa concordia for many hundreds of millions of s is ridiculous. should have taken it apart in small pieces - save fortune. @hogdallas: @realdonaldtrump played trump scotland last tuesday weather and course - outstanding !! thanks. they only changed the term to climate change when the words global warming didn t work anymore. come on people get smart! the new hot term that they have recently invented is polar vortex - give me a break! the only global warming that people should be concerned with is the global warming caused by nuclear weapons because of our weak u.s. leader. @devhop: @realdonaldtrump they renamed it climate change so it could be devastating either way the temperature goes. @thasugarmaker: @realdonaldtrump it seems you are the only one who speaks the truth. wether we want to hear it or not... @joella clements:there is only one person who should be crossing our southern border usmc sgt tahmooressi boycott mexico? #freeourmarine. @derrickfawley: success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. deserter bergdahl returns to active duty as parents of brave soldiers killed looking for him grieve. obama trying to play this mistake down! can you imagine trading five really bad enemies of the u.s. for the freedom of traitor bergdahl. just another bad deal! @jomi101: @realdonaldtrump i love t recent pole showing obama as the worst pres and bush as t 2nd worst since wwii lol!!! @cantget300: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president!!!! great idea! @ursulacurtin: @cantget300 hands off - we need him as president here in ireland - he has the golf club here so that s a start!!!! cute! the @washingtonpost reported about the closing hotels in atlantic city but knowingly failed to report that i am not involved left years ago. iran looks like it is toying with john kerry on nuclear talks - he is begging for a deal to save face. negotiation is just not his thing! @paula white: there is hope!! thank god- #hopefortoday podcast- interview guest @realdonaldtrump paula is a winner! rickie fowler @therealrickiefowler instagram photos websta via @websta. on stunning aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotland features a classic scottish link threaded through the dunes. trump: illegal immigrants are getting treated better than vets via @nro by @andrewe johnson. mexico sent usmc andrew tahmooressi back to jail after court hearing. mexico does not respect our border or u.s. boycott! #freeourmarine. .@trumpnationalhv features wide open pristine fairways tour caliber greens 64 strategically placed sand bunkers. designed by @jacknicklaus trump golf links at ferry point s 18-hole course sits by the bronx s whitestone bridge. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein. diligence is the mother of good luck. -- benjamin franklin. @scifreitag: @realdonaldtrump: i believe in one thing only the power of human will #presidenttrump2016. tremendous cold wave hits large part of u.s. lucky they changed the name from global warming to climate change - g.w. just doesn t work! again i have nothing to do with the atlantic city closing - i have not even been there in many years. some press was accurate some not! lucky for new york highly respected john cahill is running for ny state ag against incumbent lightweight dope @agschneiderman @cahillforag. john cahill is highly respected in all circlesreally nice to see that hes running for new york state attorney general. @cahillforag. the best vision is insight. -- malcolm forbes. awarded the prestigious 2014 @forbesinspector 5-star guide @trumptoronto is located in beautiful downtown toronto. no matter what you re managing don t assume you can glide by. you have to work to maintain your momentum. - trump: how to get rich. the acclaimed @trumpchicago soars 92 stories high. youre either staying in @trumpchicago or in its shadow. out of clutter find simplicity. from discord find harmony. in the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.albert einstein. @mwz524: nobody knows location location location like @realdonaldtrump beautiful view from the terrace in chicago. @benmccormick17: @realdonaldtrump my cousin is getting married at your club in mooresville on april 25 2015. tell them congratulations! @nardokids: @trumpsoho @realdonaldtrump amazing. the people you hire for design are incredible thanks. @schuetzkatie: please hear my prayers and run for president when the time comes!!! please america needs you!!! #donaldtrump #president. @utennjock: @realdonaldtrump please run for president... we need someone to save our country! @thedouggrant: @realdonaldtrump good advice for romney during the last election - maybe this time he will listen. @kenziewilliams : donaldtrump needs to to be the next president. only person i can even think of that could fix such a f ucked up nation. @mikeymerciless: donald trump for president! @realdonaldtrump thank you. @epicbearddude: @realdonaldtrump yes please please run for president. and please please make @sarahpalinusa your running mate. please. @biznashman: @utennjock:@realdonaldtrump please run for president.we need someone to save our country! really? @josephangel247: without passion you don t have energy..without energy you have nothing#donald trump. @abbeylynnmangus: i m seeing many tweets about @realdonaldtrump for president. lets roll with that! @talcornvan: @yung sherm @realdonaldtrump i would vote for him! in a heartbeat! @talcornvan: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote! but please don t make the middle class suffer more! i have complete faith in you donald! @continuum9112: wouldn t life as the president of the greatest country in the world be pretty boring compared to your life? interesting! obama claims that he needs an extra 4b to secure the border. well then he should not have wasted 5b on the obamacare website. if obama is concerned about the border he should stop vacationing. gov t will save millions which it can use to stop illegal migration. you can always become better. - @tigerwoods. congrats to obama & democrats. cbo has just announced that obamacare missed its uninsured target by half & program costs extra 700b . winning isn t everything but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi. .@trumpturnberry s 149 award winning guest rooms offer a perfect blend of edwardian tradition and timeless design. problems are never truly hardships to winners & if you havent got any then you must not have a business to run. the 48000 sq. ft. spa @trumpdoral boasts 33 treatment rooms and over 100 signature spa services and treatments. adversity is a fact of life. be bigger than the problems be ready to fight for your rights & all will be well trump never give up. @davidanicholas: dinner at the trump. thanks @realdonaldtrump for the great view! @timshurr: in las vegas doing a sales seminar. staying at the trump hotel. awesome place to stay! @realdonaldtrump. @cmartinez521: looking forward to learning from the best @realdonaldtrump #thinkbigmakeithappen. @sgtrockusmc82: @usaf48 5 billion for a website we could have bought 50 f35 fighters or 5 aircraft carriers but we got a worthless website. @123jayne: that s our president! that s why we need you to run in 2016! i know you would never waste our money! president trump. @pandoerra: @realdonaldtrump had an incredible day at trump bedminster. bravo mr. trump great. @miriamscherm: i love your quotes. they inspire me and always bring a smile to my face. i shall fight until i draw my last breathe. nice. @hasam a: @realdonaldtrump: winning isn t everything but the will to win is everything. -- vince lombardi. @senators8: @realdonaldtrump when s celebrity apprentice starting? just finished shooting - in the fall. @youxia88: @realdonaldtrump @123jayne maybe he will trump the competition. @michele wv: @realdonaldtrump you are a winner. thank you. @dianepalmer6997 drove by turnberry hotel last night weather excellent piper playing outside hotel iconic scene absolutely marvelous thx. always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln. the honolulu accommodations of @trumpwaikiki are the perfect merger of beauty and function. see yourself as having a lot already and keep your integrity intact. its the best path to comprehensive success. - think like a champion. in beautiful pine hill trump natl philadelphias award winning course provides amazing views of philly skyline. create your own visual style... let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others. - orson welles. never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat. - f. scott fitzgerald. @carsonmotz: @realdonaldtrump you are my inspiration. great thank you. @chunkenberry: .@realdonaldtrump future president trump! you have the right mind to fix this country after 8 years of nobama i agree! @worldreachtech: @realdonaldtrump @greta the saddest moment in american history was the fact obama was elected potus on broken promises. @foxesden8: scottish choir coming to new york in january. how would you like scottish songs sung in the foyer of trumptower new york yes! @diveejs: @realdonaldtrump your hair is magnificent. don t let anyone tell you otherwise. what a nice guy! @bitlegal: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump america needs you. be the reagan to obama s carter. please run for president in 2016. @jenswannstyle: just had an amazing stay at trump tower toronto. hotel suberb staff fantastic. thank you. will always stay trump now. i will be on fox & friends at 7.00 20 minutes . plenty of terrible and tragic news to talk about! too bad. .@mcilroyrory great job rory - you have the heart and talent of a great champion. work hard and win many more! see you at turnberry. @gordoncowan: @turnberrybuzz thank u 4 outstanding service & attention 2 detail 4 the cowan martin wedding on fri. @mikkelmachete: @realdonaldtrump take it away take it away. @joepreni: @realdonaldtrump only you can fix this country. #trumpforpresident i agree! @jakekahen @realdonaldtrump just drove by trim tower in chicago what a beauty thank you. a top rated ny course by @golfdigestmag @trumpnationalny provides award winning services and exceptional facilities. the donald j.trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers top styles in menswear. dress your best. every strike brings me closer to the next home run. babe ruth. give yourself a chance--make every day a discovery. remember the old saying the more you learn the more you realize you don t know -- it s true. learning is a daily challenge. re negotiation: realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute. .@jimmykimmel is terrific but for obama to fly on air force one s to do the show in these bad times is ridiculous. its monday. how many fundraisers will obama hold today? many people have said im the worlds greatest writer of 140 character sentences. obama wanted putin to reset. instead putin laughed at him and reloaded. @twitchyteam: many say donald trump world s greatest writer of 140-character sentences. @mormanc who should be the 2016 gop nominee? participate in 1776 coalition s live poll. vote donald trumppresident. @mcdellaware: how would donald trump handle vladimir putin? easily and with good results for u.s. i believe that president obama is so overwhelmed by what is happening in the u.s. and throughout the world that he has totally given up! it takes guts to win! @tquoteseday: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. - donald trump. i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that s where the fun is! it takes guts to win fortunately most people dont have guts! -- donald j. trump. obamacare strikes again. major insurer announced that over 53000 new yorkers will be dropped from their plans. concentration and mental toughness are the margins of victory. - bill russell. .@trumpdoral offers multiple award winning dining options in our all-new signature restaurant and lounges. trump intl palm beach offers an award winning par 72 championship measuring 7326 yards. florida s top course. the trump spa @trumpnewyork is a serene sanctuary featuring luxurious spa treatment rooms saunas and steam rooms. thanks @liljon for coming to my defense in rolling stone magazine. as i have often said you are a terrific guy! you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill. @melanienews8: the donald @realdonaldtrump is in town. find out why. @newschannel8 this morning. @jackyrittlinger @realdonaldtrump @justinrose99 was out with people from scotland last night..raved about course justin is a total winner. @ayrshirepost: @realdonaldtrump reveals plans for all-new spa at @trumpturnberry resort. exclusive interview in today s @ayrshirepost. @dragonmamba: @steve hofmeyr you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. winston churchill. @britanniagolf: @realdonaldtrump headed to trump international scotland today with 16 excited clients.. great #1 rated course have fun. we are now at a time perhaps more than ever before when the world needs great leadership! @jeddprice: @realdonaldtrump maybe the usa needs to cancel all the rest of obama s vacations to actually deal with this. @shakystu: @realdonaldtrump @ayrshirepost @trumpturnberry nice move! worth while investment. can t wait to see how well it s finished! going to d.c. for big groundbreaking on old post office site. will be spectacular new hotel. lots of jobs! why is washington ready to spend billions on care for illegals while our va is still in shambles? vets should be the priority. article: more illegals enter than people born in state each week. wow obama really put it to israel by canceling flights there. this puts them at a tremendous disadvantage. tourism and more will just stop. .@usgsa a momentous day. great job on old post office--we will make you proud! @jackevansward2 happy to join @realdonaldtrump at kickoff of hotel at the old post office thx for being with us! .@trumpchicagos exceptional dining w equally exceptional views of the city are exclusive world-class experiences. today s groundbreaking at the old post office building in d.c. was amazing. great people great dedication. @usgsa. @seankesser: @ross 7 7 @4politics2 @lonepatrick trump is a winner. everyone knows that.some losers don t acknowledge it yet follow him. @aliciaabel81: @realdonaldtrump breaking ground in dc today. trump for president 2016--so much more ground to break! #trumpforprez thanks! @mschneble: @realdonaldtrump it s great to see that the trump name will be in dc thank you. @danscavino: @realdonaldtrump creating jobs in washington dc while obama goes fundraising 3k miles away..with major issues taking place. @seaburbia: @realdonaldtrump @usgsa much like taking over the gov. ice rink something will finally get done there as well. @cathemazanowicz: @realdonaldtrump god bless you for the jobs for so many unemployed! can t wait for the new hotel! fabulous as always. @backontrackusa. what a dysfunctional administration when illegal aliens get free & better medical care then our veterans. what a disgrace. @lipokeraddict: @realdonaldtrump please please please run 2016. obama is on yet another two-day west coast fundraising swing. has to fit it in before his 15 day tax-payer funded vacation. less than 1 of obamas 4b immigration request will go towards immediate border security. a real scam. enforce our laws now! @margoshear the donald s going to be saying you re hired to lots of people in the district! @wusa9 true! @britanniagolf @realdonaldtrump just played trump international scotland everyone was thrilled. fantastic golf course! thanks. the best way to build a successful business is by results. in the end that is what counts. iran will only get stronger in iraq with the latest civil war. we should have taken the oil immediately after the invasion. donald trump: 200 million d.c. hotel will be among worlds best via @wnew. winners embrace hard work. - @espndrlou. it s not whether you get knocked down it s whether you get up. -- vince lombardi. @acewill just bought @realdonaldtrump s: think like a champion. small book huge motivation.thank you! thx. sgt.thamooressi has been held in mexico for 115 days. mexico has zero respect for our border & our servicemen. boycott! #freeourmarine. i had a great time in d.c. yesterday at the trump international hotel- opo groundbreaking ceremony. watch-. @rossbrotherton: @realdonaldtrump you have to run for president in 2016 and save this country! #please #savethiscountry. @alaina danielle: @realdonaldtrump run for president mr. trump!!! please!!? #savethiscountry. i say we cannot continue to let obama fly around on air force 1 at a cost of millions of dollars a day for the purpose of politics & play! within the heart of beautiful somerset county trump natl bedminster is the proud host of the 2022 @pgachampionship. age is whatever you think it is. you are as old as you think you are. - @muhammadali. an architectural landmark @trumptowerny offers sweeping panoramic views of fifth avenue. @smithtoddm @trumptowerny after i read the art of the deal i made it a goal to visit trump tower. i visited in 91. breathtaking. thank you. along with a soaring bar of sky-bound gold @trumplasvegas pool deck overlooks the city of lights. be objective and strive to be your own counselor. listen to others but know the final decision is yours. think like a champion. making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- andy warhol. @ryandodd75: couldn t help but notice how crispy the @realdonaldtrump shirts look at macy s! #clean. @jlkelly19: @realdonaldtrump beautiful!! trump national golf course. @authenticbrett: .@realdonaldtrump when is celebrity apprentice coming back? its the best show on tv. #donaldtrump #yourefired in the fall. @drdannydegraff: @alaina danielle: @realdonaldtrump run for president mr. trump!!! please!!? #savethiscountry. @latenightseth i am not surprised that seth is absolutely dying in the ratings! he is truly an awkward mumbling jerk. too bad! so many major problems for the u.s. and no answers by our leaders. when will it all change? many of our difficulties are so easy to solve! @ohhellocelo: @realdonaldtrump when you take charge mr trump that s when it s gonna change. #trumpforpresident !!!! @atyra63 @realdonaldtrump played trump scotland as well as turnberry...great experience! great thanks! .@trumpscotland provides luxury accommodations & a championship par 72 7400 yd. course. book your tee time now. @hillerjohn @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @erictrump good looking family. thank you. @realtracymyers big congrats to @realdonaldtrump on your dc hotel ground breaking. thank you. watched gennady golovkin @gggboxing at msg on saturday night. he was fantastic--should fight @floydmayweather! opening in 2016 trump hotel rio de janeiro will be a 13-story 171-guestroom masterpiece with a beachside view. this summer is very tough for the nations worst ag @agschneiderman. moreland commission is his disaster. obama can sign an illegal executive action anytime for obamacare but he cant fix the illegal loophole. the republicans owe an apology for blowing the 2012 election. how could they lose to obama?! central american presidents are blaming us for the influx of illegal immigration obama will soon apologize. successful leaders see the opportunities in every difficulty rather than the difficulty in every opportunity.- reed markham. it s late in july and it is really cold outside in new york. where the hell is global warming??? we need some fast! it s now climate change. @thehawk4221: @realdonaldtrump where is al gore now! coolest summer on record in the us real science. @bigbabygoulos: what will make you decide to run for president @realdonaldtrump ? america needs a leader that can guarantee change. @tthac24: i d vote for @realdonaldtrump thank you! @banmalah: @producergedalia @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump what a timeless classic these two are! class & beauty! thank you! @lindabales1: @gretawire: .@realdonaldtrump just said mexico is called the highway to the united states #bordercrisis true! @jakester74: @realdonaldtrump you should run instead of just talk about it. you d probably win. remember your words jake! @fucksammyy: i want you to be president! @realdonaldtrump thanks. @sluthoee: i know for a fact you would do a hell lot of a better job if you were the president of the united states instead of obama! true. @almendarezzz: i don t know if y all know it but @realdonaldtrump seriously might be our next president. we will soon see! @vikesrealist: @realdonaldtrump is obama the worst president ever? top of the list! @ianjamespoulter: the 18th hole at #trump int.golf links. this golf course is very impressive and a great test. @rickiefowlerpga: good fun yesterday slapping it around trump international golf links with @skovy14 and sammy. @trumpscotland: @justinrose99 prepared for his scottish open victory at @trumpscotland.check out the video below. @findagolfbreak: rt@gtjourn trump international golf links scotland truly stunning photo by @kaiame @trumpscotland. @jessflorey: what an amazing course @trumpscotland got to get yourself there to play. #breathtaking. @knoxydiane: what a day at @trumpscotland @realdonaldtrump course is unreal. @jessflorey: a big thanks @justinrose99 stephen gallacher johan carlsson & @ramsaygolf celebrating @trumpscotland. @rydercup2014: all we can say is wow! what would you say?@trumpscotland #aberdeenshire. rise high in affordable luxury. trump parc stamford offers gracious living with entertainment spaces. @chapmantew saw @realdonaldtrump s las vegas hotel. the 24-karat gold infused windows are impressive! thank you. the ultimate golf experience @trumpturnberry is a unique destination located on the beautiful ayrshire coastline. @thebigjamesg staff at trump doral was amazing. made my visit wonderful. blue course is awesome. doral as it should be great thanks. be ready for problems-youll have them every day. keep your focus and be as big as your daily challenges. trump never give up. @token one i just finished reading your book think like a champion . great stuff. positive thoughts positive actions. thank you. get our marine out of mexico. obama spoke to the mexican president last week & did not mention umc sgt. tahmooressi. sad! along with two championship courses on the potomac river @trumpgolfdcs also offers limitless social events. my @foxnews @gretawire int. on the border crisis #bringbackourmarine & obamas ineptitude & the economy. watch obama will not fix the illegal immigrant loophole. instead he will sign another executive action giving more amnesty. youth unemployment is at a record high. obamacare is a job destroyer which is ruining aspiring careers. it must be repealed. when in doubt obama fundraises. he has held 393 fundraisers in six years. another record. environmental regulations stop border patrol from protecting 40 of the border a coup for the migrant democrats. celebrated doctor @billcassidy will be a tremendous senator. louisiana send a conservative to the senate vote for bill this november! @sluggok @realdonaldtrump thank you for donating a trac chair to the wounded warriors.it s much appreciated. my honor thank you. @pearcyyy @realdonaldtrump even i want you to become the president of the united states and i m from britain! #legend #trump cute! .@andre reed83. congratulations andre you deserve it! @jgwildcard420: you are truely my hero @realdonaldtrump that s great thanks. @fogzide: @realdonaldtrump knows how to run a business and he knows how to run a country. so true! @uk mikep @trumpchicago saw the trump letters on hotel for first time. very tasteful and classy. hotel is an architectural gem. thank you. @dwaters7545 @trumpchicago @sixteenchicago had dinner there for my 25th wedding anniversary! absolutely beautiful! great thanks. watch this tour by @trumpintrealty s @m griffith1 of this luxurious penthouse in trump park avenue-. via @prnewswire: central park horse show to make inaugural debut in nyc sept 18-21 i am proud to be a sponsor! @dhesi604 @realdonaldtrump when does the trump tower in vancouver bc open up? the pool bar is gonna be awesome 1 year thanks. @wwwrvcom @darrrenrice @realdonaldtrump yes donald seen it in chicago last month too thumbs up! #wearethepeople thanks. @edwinvsuccess @realdonaldtrump is example of how success is earned!! everyday is an opportunity to get after it! thank you. each of the 176 magnificent luxury suites and guestrooms at @trumpnewyork provide a sophisticated urban appeal. i cant believe that prime minister @david cameron is giving massive subsidy to scotland to destroy itself with windfarms. pm @david cameron should be run out of office for spending so much of englands money to subsidize windfarms in scotland. obama should work on a ceasefire in chicago as well as gaza. home ownership is at a 19 year low. if you can buy now. you will thank me later. it s time for mountain state to have a senator who will stop obamas war on coal. this november send dc a message vote for @capitoforwv! each life is made up of mistakes and learning waiting and growing practicing patience and being persistent. rev. @billygraham. in any business there will be ups and downs. if you can weather the rough times your success will be even greater during high times. @scratchhandicap: @trump ireland @realdonaldtrump about to check in for 3 days!! driving in as i type! course looks amazing! enjoy! in order to be successful especially to be very successful you must have the ability to be able to handle pressure! it takes guts to be a brand. you cannot be all things to all people if you want to be a brand. - midas touch. @theminifed: only man qualified to be president in 2016 is @realdonaldtrump thank you-i guarantee that the u.s.a. will be respected again! @huveges: casey melissa wedding : #trumpties jonathan truhan aaron butler seth kossin. @kesjenkins: if @realdonaldtrump seriously takes a stab at presidency i will find a way to work on his campaign. thanks! @golfswingshirt: @realdonaldtrump i have the two ties on the right..great quality as they never loose their shape and tie a perfect knot. @illusiverealm: @realdonaldtrump will be our strongest leader since reagan i agree thanks! @miznergeek: @realdonaldtrump you do have awesome ties. i have several. @macys thanks. @edmondddn: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @stevensourpatch: @realdonaldtrump 4 president!!! @nifkin juice: @kesjenkins @realdonaldtrump i know exactly what it is... and you re it thanks. @maathewdavis: got my dad a trump tie from macy s for father s day. he loves it. he says it s the best tie he s ever owned! great. @theguychief : @realdonaldtrump #donaldtrumpforpresident2016. i support k-9s for warriors a wonderful organization that trains service dogs for veterans. please contact. .@trumpchicagos river lake and skyline views in each of its deluxe 5 star guestrooms. from abc news: in demand: washington s highest and lowest speaking fees by scott wilson. vera coking made a big mistake in atlantic city by turning down many millions of s years ago for property that just sold for 530000. vera coking saved me mucho money by turning down my offerthanks vera! if vera coking had taken my millions of s like she should have she would have lived for many years in palm beach florida. trump intl palm beach offers a spectacular course with hill vistas bunkers and incredible water features. developing your talent requires work and work creates luck. trump never give up. with our weakened dollar gas will continue to rise. fracking is an answer to lowering energy costs. if our border is not secure we can expect another attack. a country with open borders is open to the terrorists. @brasicingbras @macys donald ever since i switched over to trump ties from macy s i can t stop closing deals!! great! @bethlhoskins: @realdonaldtrump @miznergeek @macys & you have incredible kids!!! by far your best work @realdonaldtrump very nice thanks. @cpow17: got my first paycheck today. watch out @realdonaldtrump i m right on you re heels great going work hard! @ir7dj2: @realdonaldtrump advancing to next round of bidding for @buffalobills. he would be #amazing for #nfl and everything in general. @woofeous: @realdonaldtrump @brasicingbras @macys i ll admit trump ties are most beautiful. ebola patient will be brought to the u.s. in a few days - now i know for sure that our leaders are incompetent. keep them out of here! @pauljmarsico: @realdonaldtrump @buffalobills only if the price is right will mr. trump make this deal. @ir7dj2: @realdonaldtrump @buffalobillshe knows how to run organizations.has a proven track record. most importantly-he s respected. @integraldevices: @realdonaldtrump @ir7dj2 @buffalobills congrats #nfl good choice. @redskinsgirl23: @realdonaldtrump @macys not more beautiful than @ivankatrump! she is just soooooo beautiful! i happen to agree! stop the ebola patients from entering the u.s. treat them at the highest level over there. the united states has enough problems! .@bltprimemiami @trumpdorals signature restaurant has set the standard for todays modern steakhouse. sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. don t lose faith. - steve jobs. obamas war on women. number of unemployed women increased in july by 227000. @mickyarison @realdonaldtrump @bltprimemiami @trumpdoral thanks a really nice addition to the doral neighborhood. thank you. if you think you can do a thing or think you can t do a thing you re right. -- henry ford. .@david cameron as prime minister why are you spending vast amounts of money to subsidize ugly wind turbines in scotland that nobody wants? .@david cameron why do you give scotland so much money to destroy their magnificent land with wind turbines-causing massive taxes & e bills. the u.s. cannot allow ebola infected people back. people that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences! just as i have been predicting for years iraq will fall to the people that hate the u.s. the most - just outside of baghdad. keep the oil. so many lives and two trillion dollars wasted and our worst enemies will get the 2nd largest oil reserves in the world. such stupid leaders. the obamacare website is in the news again - it is turning out to cost even more than previously thought and it doesn t work! big trouble! if you read my last number of tweets only one opinion can be formed - that our president and therefore leader is grossly incompetent! @mrstraceyowen: @realdonaldtrump you want sense ? listen to @realdonaldtrump ! @barbarasmayer: @realdonaldtrump you are right about the ebola patients. it s a deadly virus and they shouldn t bring them to the us. @mrs vgomez: @realdonaldtrump yes !! the government is bringing them back here so the outbreak can start here too !! @nicolastetrault: @realdonaldtrump i agree 100. @tina louise 007: @realdonaldtrump i agree!!!!! @bigboie7531: to all the liberal do gooders this is the plague you idiots! no cure! @ you may have confidence in the cdc but i don t! @tony351952: @realdonaldtrump u need 2 run 4 office. the u.s. must immediately stop all flights from ebola infected countries or the plague will start and spread inside our borders. act fast! the fact that we are taking the ebola patients while others from the area are fleeing to the united states is absolutely crazy-stupid pols. @livinginthenorm: i find @realdonaldtrump and his tweets thoroughly entertaining! @nicolenrouse: looking forward to my work week in #chicago and my favorite rooftop restaurant @trumpchicago best view! @realdonaldtrump. @berrybrite1: @realdonaldtrump they knew the risk when they went to africa. they choose it freely. @rdodd104: @realdonaldtrump i agree it does seem crazy. @trickymackey: @tidmore he seems to be doing the right thing. he s taking a stand for america and asking 4 some common sense about ebola. .@frankluntz works really hard but is a guy who just doesn t have it - a total loser! @krisinal: @realdonaldtrump @frankluntz explain? he s a pollster? yes but a really bad and boring one! @agentsanderson: @realdonaldtrump i hate myself for following you... but you just have no control over yourself you need trump so badly! @jenncase: .@realdonaldtrump for prez 2016 cuz #america. @jon senior: mr trump sir how many presidents from the last 50 years will you be better than when you become president? all of them? all! isis terror group has now fully taken over large sections of iraq and will soon have control of massive oil reserves. i told you so. we should have taken the oil in iraq and now our mortal enemies have got it and with no opposition. really dumb u.s. pols! i m so angry! one of the tallest office buildings in downtown nyc 40 wall street is a classic art deco building. mayor bill vescio of briarcliff manor westchester is doing a terrible job. horrible roads high taxes housing down. @westchestergov. briarcliff manor should get a better town manager. philip zegarelli has no cluebad roads a total puppet of the mayor? @westchestergov. focus on your goals not your problems. don t tread water. get out there and go for it. achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. a doctor on nbc nightly news agreed with me-we should not bring ebola into our country through two patients but should bring docs to them. the bigger problem with ebola is all of the people coming into the u.s. from west africa who may be infected with the disease. stop flights! @leannelovesart: @realdonaldtrump new york city hospital testing patient for possible ebola infection... hello! @coximus2: oh donald. don t ever change @realdonaldtrump i will try not to! @happygirl71929: our current government doesn t have the balls to do what needs to be done....yet another reason for you to run! @stevegutzler: in the end youre measured not by how much you undertake but what you finally accomplish - donald trump. @jordanmanhas: @realdonaldtrump any plans for a trump building in toronto mr.trump. already have a great one trump international hotel. @thejimlewis: i really like the #trump collection quality is outstanding feel like a #billionaire wearing it. @sprkle: your opinions on #ebola were outstanding and intelligent. if only we could channel some of this common sense to the wh.. @jaygershbein: i agree! mt doctor on @nbcnightlynews agreed we should not bring #ebola into country in two patients bring docs to them. so many people are agreeing with me on not creating a highway for ebola to the u.s. started in small area of africa and now spreading fast. @illusiverealm: just bought a @realdonaldtrump tie from @macys it s beautiful great style great they are top quality at reasonable price. our government now imports illegal immigrants and deadly diseases. our leaders are inept. doctors have already died treating ebola we should not be importing the disease to our homeland. being true to yourselfwill give you a lot of power over any negatives thrown your way. midas touch. thank you @elvisduran for dedicating your birthday today to the @erictrumpfdn for @stjude! click here to donate:. via @lasvegassun by eugene r. dunn: impeach obama and elect trump. congratulations to @ivankatrump on being named the @foxnewssunday power player of the week. the ultimate vacation destination @trumppanamas sleek design evokes a majestic sail fully deployed in the wind. its tuesday. how many fundraisers travelling on the taxpayer dime will obama hold today? the 200m in renovations of trump intl washington dc are on track. the old post office is being transformed into true luxury. we are going through contentious primaries now but the gop must unite. lets take the senate and stop obamas dangerous agenda. the village @trump charlotte offers a variety of 5 star dining experiences for everyday dining & catered affairs. congratulations to @rushlimbaugh on his recent 26th year anniversary. rush has revolutionized talk radio! sorry haters and losers! think big. stay focused. be passionate. dont ever give up. thanks @mickyarison for your nice statement @bltprimemiami @trumpdoral. i just want to do as well as you have with @miamiheat. see u soon. the belief that security can be obtained by throwing a small state to the wolves is a fatal delusion.-winston churchill. secure the border! build a wall! @fuckceciliaa: @realdonaldtrump i hate to admit it but i m with you on this one. learning never exhausts the mind. -- leonardo da vinci. remain open to new ideas. that s where innovation begins. investors are visionaries in some respects--they look beyond the present. vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. with over 260 5 star guest rooms & suites @trumpto is 65 stories of pure luxury in the center of downtown toronto. located in south ayrshire scotland @trumpturnberry offers diverse dining options suitable for any occasion. young entrepreneurs remember quality and results are the key metrics to success. discipline is a key ingredient for success. it will build character motivation and bring opportunity. @superjessica562: donald trump by @macmiller will forever be one of my favs i understand why! @d1pz: one of donald trump s philosophies: if someone screws you screw them back ten times worse i have heard of far worse! @cmskpk: watch out sir! my daughter and i are the next donald & ivanka! i m coming for you...with a business proposal of course! @boogbannon: can t wait till @realdonaldtrump is president i don t blame you things would get really good really fast! @johnyboi509: @realdonaldtrump for president #2016. @shadesoflilac: rt @realdonaldtrump: we should not be importing the disease to our homeland. completely agree mr. trump. @seankesser: @bonn66 @realdonaldtrump @erictrump donald trump and his son eric trump do massive amount of charity thank you! these are something i just can t buy. excited for the @usopen. obamacare premiums rising 13.2 in 2015 elections have consequences! @nothreeputt you have to admit @realdonaldtrump was correct valhalla much better course to the eye than pinehurst. #notamuni so true! sorry i wont be able to do @foxandfriends at 7 am on mondaywill be in india. what other country tells the enemy when we are going to attack like obama is doing with isis. whatever happened to the element of surprise? the new winner of the @missteenusa pageant k. lee graham. one of @golfworldus top public courses @trumpgolfla s course stands as a testament to the greatness of golf. @dainbramaged @realdonaldtrump surprise only happens when obama does something right. you can expect no surprises. true. .@nypost: dozens of key staffers fleeing @agschneidermans office. via @nypost by editorial board: new yorks mute @agschneiderman schneiderman is feckless and corrupt. iraq is more dangerous today than any time under saddam. war was a mistake as i said from the very beginning. bush & obama should apologize. with 18 beautiful holes each boasting unique characteristics trump natl philadelphia is a golf treasure. obama will send troops back into iraq combat zone. dont believe anything he says. just covering for his mistakes. @scrt22 @realdonaldtrump for all of your faults whole lot of common sense coming from this twitter account. thanks sort of! ebola s spread is unprecedented says cdc chief. same cdc which is bringing ebola to us misplaced samples of anthrax earlier this year be careful. @gmannn1983 @realdonaldtrump best ties anywhere class all the way thanks. if you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. - sun tzu. @seankesser: @realdonaldtrump trump university had 98 approval ratingsbeats harvard nyu & other top universities. @mlmpatton: @realdonaldtrump when is celebrity apprentice returning? love that show & you! in the fall thanks! @suhreenaa: donald trump still my favorite song!! @mjb : i just bought #artofthedeal and #thinkbig @realdonaldtrump great enjoy! @backontrackusa:while obama is partying at the wh with corrupt african leaders christians are being killed by isis with american weapons. @pacsgirl36: @realdonaldtrump wish he would just resign he is hurting america now other parts of the world obama is a disaster. @hardworkinmane: @realdonaldtrump u need to have a talk show of your own. it would really be big because u have interesting views. i agree. @josegonzalez 69: @realdonaldtrump bush never should ve sent our troops there to begin with! i have said that for many years bad judgement. @writeitnow. a quote you d like. you have undertaken to cheat me. i won t sue you for the law is too slow. i ll ruin you. -vanderbilt. @dejr5: @realdonaldtrump donald trump & ben carson 2016 wow! the world as we know it is falling apart. much of the blame can be attributed to the fact that the united states is no longer respected! we need a president who isn t a laughing stock to the entire world. we need a truly great leader a genius at strategy and winning. respect! @mega murph : we need smart people like @realdonaldtrump in office - he can get america back on it s feet. @pg1701: @realdonaldtrump home or abroad this president hasn t put one dent into any of our problems. in many cases made things worse. @kittykatnip1970: @saveusa2014 @realdonaldtrump if mr. trump was our next potus our economy would improve & jobs would be created. @tweets business: @realdonaldtrump. @truthgunner: @realdonaldtrump: @dejr5: @realdonaldtrump donald trump & ben carson 2016 wow! i like it !!! run donald run ! @theame19: @realdonaldtrump @rednationrising and the answer isn t hillary or pocahontas warren for 300... @deannaspillyard: my dad captain tom scott went home to be with the lord last night. please keep my family in your prayers. #devastated. @babalandyy: @realdonaldtrump you should be the president thanks! @aaron yay: trump is my new idol. his pastor was norman vincent peale?! #newthoughtpioneer - can t wait to read the art of the deal. @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump saw show on ivanka fox news. very good. she is a great role model--like you thank you! sorry won t be doing fox & friends this morning - will be in india on a couple of major business deals! @akomolafejoseph: @realdonaldtrump @aaron i have read it back to back - where i get my motivation from. donald trump is a rare gem. nice! @sammyt 77: @realdonaldtrump you re a true champion mr. trump! thank you. the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain. .@ivankatrumps @foxnewssunday power player of the week interview with chris wallace. .@trumpnewyorks 176 rooms have floor-to-ceiling windows providing unparalleled views of central park & nyc. a spectacular lake front club w dramatic course designed by @sharkgregnorman @trump charlotte is ncs top club. @ash talks: have to meet @realdonaldtrump in the morning. good night. @jaygw804: rt @realdonaldtrump: the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain. @melissail: @realdonaldtrump hope you had a great weekend with your gorgeous wife. very nice thanks! @richp2266: @realdonaldtrump @sharkgregnorman @trump charlotte plus he has his own water. we would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible. - vince lombardi. remember that fear can be conquered. go full throttle and the odds will be on your side. trump never give up. do not view any failure as the end. learn your lessons quickly then move on. think big. robin williams was a truly wonderful actor & comedian. one of the few people who could make me laugh. very tragic. just watched full metal jacket can t believe r. lee ermey didn t win the academy award as the drill sergeant. political nominations! via @reuters by @sumeet chat: donald trump plans investment in india betting on modi government. host of the 2022 @pgachampionship & 2017 #uswomensopen trump natl bedminster offers 36 holes of world class golf. if you are passionate about your endeavors it will be reflected back to you in your end result. trump never give up. the @trumpchicago spa offers 5 star services12 treatment rooms & 53 spa guestrooms overlooking chicago skyline. diligence is the mother of good luck. - benjamin franklin. the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - walt disney. entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. entrepreneurs: resolve to be bigger than your problems. whos the boss? be ready for problems. youll have them every day so keep things in perspective. ask yourself: is this a blip or is it a catastrophe? @almightyjuan : i look like donald trump when he made his first 1 million you must be great looking! @ptarkkonen: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. -donald trump #quote. @nyteeman: @realdonaldtrump played your spectacular course in westchester hit it to 1 7 on 13 awesome hole. @ jaynyc: if it s one person i admire it ll be @realdonaldtrump for all the success he s had in his lifetime. thank you! i just had an amazing day in mumbai india. building an almost 80 story building super luxury which is doing great! press is going wild. such amazing people in india. this trip is very enlightening! @angelicaerazo : @realdonaldtrump is a true entrepreneur indeed. smart decision maker and a great leader. i admire you mr. trump. thanks! @snoopybarber: it d be a good thing for usa if @realdonaldtrump be potus in 2016. @writing4life197: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016 mr trump we need a new commander in chief that s for sure! @subb54: donald trump investing in luxury hotels in india is a great news. enjoyed interesting interview on cnnibn. @donnieburner: @realdonaldtrump next president. i can tell you one thing we would have a great country again-in fact better than ever! @jonesbox: @realdonaldtrump nothing like the delusions of a moron. just what america needs. very nice thank you! just started building one of the great hotels of the world in washington d.c. the site of the old post office. will be amazing - jobs! @ellenbourque: @writing4life197 your the best in the world for hotels resorts....why not be our best in history as president? just watch! @lane pack: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote. via @fortunemagazine by @mcasey1: donald trump plans to build a trump tower in mumbai. perception about india has changed says donald trump via @economictimes by kailash babar. .@wineenthusiasts highest rated wine in virginia @trumpwinery is the premier name in sophistication and quality. if you can t explain it simply you don t understand it well enough. - albert einstein. a person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. -- albert einstein. a 7242 yd. masterpiece @trumpgolflas 250 million course features 18 challenging holes with incredible views. when everyone works with the same energy loyalty and focus it makes for smooth sailing all around. midas touch. keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. #trumpadvice. on 59th & park avenue trump park avenue transformed the legendary hotel delmonico into 120 luxury residences. on 59th & park avenue trump park avenue transformed the legendary hotel delmonico into 120 luxury residences. @zshroff @trumpchicago all the artsy types need to relax. sign looks great doesn t take away anything from the city s architecture. thx. est. in 1906 @trumpturnberry is home to the iconic ailsa @the open championship course four times over. .@trumpdoral s golf courses the red tiger the silver fox & the golden palm are on track to open later this year. destiny has a part to play in your life and in your business--so give it a chance to work. think like a champion. the first general killed in a combat zone since vietnam it is a travesty that obama did not attend major general harold greenes funeral. @kencagerepo @trumpdoral that is absolutely spectacular. although for the trumps its called normal . amazing job. thank you. believe you can and you re halfway there. -- theodore roosevelt. re negotiation: know exactly what you want & focus on that. view conflict as an opportunity--this will expand your mind and your horizons. re negotiation: patience is an enormous virtue & needs to be cultivated for successful negotiations on any level. re negotiation: persistence can go a long way. being stubborn can be good. the key is to know when to loosen up. @assouline m thanks monique! @cahlrstorrie: @realdonaldtrump always knows what to say. i love the #trumpadvice thank you. @ohheyjanelle: mr. @realdonaldtrump for president 2016! @michaeltmorgan1: @realdonaldtrump @honduran i would love donald to run.... never seen such a lightweight administration that we have now. @balconybreeze: @realdonaldtrump @cahlrstorrie trump warned usa about o. he had it correctly. true! @jwill1240: @realdonaldtrump: @ohheyjanelle: mr. @realdonaldtrump for president 2016! please run. if there s a god you will run!!! @backontrackusa: @realdonaldtrump while obama vacationsgolfs attends parties & jazz concerts isis is chopping heads off of journalists. @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump the donald would have this country back on track and turning a profit by the end of his first term. true. isis made a big mistake with the beheading of the reporter. even people against intervention want them blown into oblivion. leadership! @jessicahrabbit: @troylaneroberts: taking my daughter on a date. only the best tonight! #trumpties how much? @technotoaster: @realdonaldtrump @maathewdavis the world would love you to put up or shut up donald. i think u can do it but will u? watch. our politically correct country will read the isis terrorists who beheaded the reporter their miranda rights prior to good food & care! an investment in life luxury & leisure a trump natl bedminster membership offers top amenities & services. a world-famous testament to architectural excellence @trumptowerny features a 60-ft waterfall. @heidimac60 @realdonaldtrump @trumptowerny simply amazing! thank you. @yorkv01: @realdonaldtrump our country is in trouble with the worst leadership possible. how are we going to fix this? smarts & toughness! @ignacio8787: @realdonaldtrump @johnyboi509 hope you run for #potus and win to shake up #dc and the #congress we need you. the isis thug who murdered american journalist james foley may have been gitmo detainee if so why was he released? @donb1957 @jessicahrabbit @troylaneroberts i own half dozen trump ties. make the best knots always look great. thanks. @maathewdavis @realdonaldtrump if donald puts his mind to it hell have this country in its best spot since reagan! i agree thanks! you may have to try a lot of things to get just one thing to work. thats tenacity and its critical to success. trump never give up. @suptsims it s scary to think we have obama for 2 more years. we need a leader like you to change the course of this nation! thank you. @maideneer my first time in chicago. walking along the river and this was my view. absolutely stunning hotel! thx. 46 stories in the center of downtown new york @trumpsohos 391 spacious rooms each have floor-to-ceiling windows. @cartjake88 your name on the building much ado about nothing. thx 4 making such a beautiful addition to skyline thx. on 800 beautiful acres in miami @trumpdoral boasts 100000 sq. ft. in meeting space with event planning services. the trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers high end fashion for men. dress your best. on beautiful lake norman @trump charlotte offers a state of the art clubhouse to complement its championship course. @tiffanypearls it s no secret that @realdonaldtrump is my hero. think big. work #smart thanks jill best wishes. @mrvolvo7090 i frequently sport your french cuffed shirts. fit to a tee and always receive compliments. very well done #dtcollection thx. @creeutiful @realdonaldtrump - saw the nyc trump buildings this past wknd! amazing! can t wait to go back n see more! great thanks. @whitewolf2226: @realdonaldtrump @russcomments @yorkv01 donald get in there and take control of this nation for us! @crossbowdave my wife kids and i visited nyc last week. i loved going to the #trumptower. it was beautiful as i had hoped! great thanks. towering over trendy bay street @trumpto offers 118 stunning condominiums w multi-angle views & elite amenities. trump natl jupiters @jacknicklaus designed course is a challenging & innovative 7531 yds w special features. chalk failure up to experience dont take it personally and go find your next challenge. trump: never give up. via @chicagotribune by @bob writes: @trumpchicago tower unit sets resale record at 3.99m. @christophewheat great job on the turnberry resort donald! @trumpturnberry in scotland which i saw this week while in scotland. thanks. the greater miami area and numerous others are fighting hard to get the miss universe pageant. a decision will be made very soon! @soul of twit: people i d pay to see do that bucket thing: donald trump madonna bono. @motivationideas: in the end you re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. donald trump. @motivationideas: sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. donald trump. @trumpscotland: michael mcewan of bunkered magazine recently had the opportunity to meet mr.trump @bunkeredonline. @bloombergtv: anytime you have something on an ocean a river or a lake it s hard to blow it @realdonaldtrump. @masterka42: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016! please! our nation needs to be saved! i agree! @yourfrehwre: #paymybillschallenge @beyonce @billgates @realdonaldtrump i nominate you. @surferbobraider: @realdonaldtrump i regret voting for o. i thought he would be great. he s spineless and weak. worst prez ever. clearly. @surferbobraider: i would vote for you sir. never again will i vote for a career politician like #obama. i did twice. regret it. @gaylemcconnau: @realdonaldtrump it would be an answer to our prayers for you to bring us up out of this horrible hell we are in now. @masterka42: so much hate on @realdonaldtrump . people need to calm down and understand what this nation needs. #trump2016 thank you! @nyrlenny: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president i will go door to door convincing people to vote for you. thanks! @talismanjohnnya: donaldtrump - i would love..love to see debates between d and we assume hillary. talk about a ppv event. d is great! secretary of defense chuck hagel seems so lost and frankly dumb. he can t even speak properly. poor leader in these very dangerous times! @damiranz: donaldtrump: pls don t run for president. if you do and win the rest of the world would be screwed so true except friends ! @midnite pumpkin: you re the man.we need you as our president. not a man who gives free money away like candy.we work hard for our money! @zakspace11: @realdonaldtrump mr trump- played your bedminister course today.. best country club in us #baller many agree thanks! @saigon1968tet: @realdonaldtrump: secretary of defense chuck hagel obvious moron at conformation hearings. the worst i have ever witnessed. @dirtmeister: @realdonaldtrump everyone wants to back you for 16. don t think hillary can take you if you have a well rounded team. @andigriffin: @realdonaldtrump would you consider an appointment like sec. of defense? or treasury? #needtrumpsomehow. @domenicsiracusa: @realdonaldtrump @maathewdavis the donald should be president. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.30 a.m. that seth meyers is hosting the emmy awards is a total joke. he is very awkward with almost no talent. marbles in his mouth! we will now be helping syria and iran by attacking isis - ironic isn t it! @elishevany: @samir @realdonaldtrump also can you be our president. because you would be amazingggg. @evanmcmurry: @realdonaldtrump you should run for presidnet thanks. @mindcontroljpg: @realdonaldtrump i was just ranting about this to my wife! he has nothing and you re the only one honest enough to say it. @amirite : @realdonaldtrump never got why seth meyers was funny good point! @ojjava: @realdonaldtrump i dont get the whole thing with seth meyers either. kinda bland.. @prayformetoo: @realdonaldtrump @amirite i have never laughed at one thing from seth meyers or jon stewart. once the isis thug who beheaded foley is identified 100 he should be bunker busted to hell. obamas motto: if i dont go on tax payer funded vacations & constantly fundraise then the terrorists win. obama sent weapons through benghazi to isis yet he is holding up shipments to israel. what is he thinking? .@senscottbrown is the most competitive gop option against obamas amnesty loving @senatorsheehan. he can win! @newsmax media: donald trump: isis awakens the lion with journalist beheading includes @foxandfriends video. he who demands little gets it. - ellen glasgow. @slaw116: @realdonaldtrump seth meyers just set the emmys back 30 years! terrible! @vegies: @realdonaldtrump called it the @emmys2014 are going to awful! #awful. @natebailey11: seth meyers lame act proving @realdonaldtrump correct #emmys are almost unwatchable. @2ndclassclown: @realdonaldtrump kimmel was way funnier than meyers. i don t think i laughed once at anything seth said. @yourinfobabe: couldn t agree more! @brealdonaldtrump: @slaw116: @realdonaldtrump seth meyers just set the emmys back 30 years! terrible. @maathewdavis: @realdonaldtrump emmys are a joke. the donald needs to fix them like he did with the miss universe pageant. @johnjeren: @realdonaldtrump @natebailey11 seth myers is unwatchable. i don t know how he got his own late night talk show. @jclancy21: @realdonaldtrump @yourinfobabe @slaw116 he was really terrible. has he always been this unfunny or was he mailing it in? @smile heather: @realdonaldtrump you are correct. emmys were awful. @suzyz40: @realdonaldtrump @yourinfobabe @slaw116 - so talentless what was he doing there? @chrisg802: @realdonaldtrump @slaw116 god awful show. many excellent shows were snubbed that were much better. emmy awards show was terrible last night. same shows winning over and over again politics . amazing race a joke. host seth meyers bombed! with the record 200m renovations on track & budget a miracle in dc trump intl washington dc is being built into a national marvel. via @gulf news by @joeheim: @ivankatrump: giving back is a priority for me. young entrepreneurs be resolute in your drive for success. gain momentum. once you succeed promote yourself! its tuesday. how many jobs has obamacare cost the economy today? a state legislator w a true record of accomplishments military vet @joniernst will make a tremendous us senator. iowa send joni to dc! via @cnsnews by @craigbbannister: poll: hispanics blacks call for tighter borders access to illegals jobs. .@trumplasvegas is sin citys most elite destination. treat yourself to vegas most luxurious hotel rooms. @thinkingmomsrev: @robschneider @realdonaldtrump @sharylattkisson @jaketapper report this #cdcwhistleblower. remember the harder you work the luckier you get! always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. -- abraham lincoln. .@trumpnewyork is the only forbes 5 star & 5 diamond hotel with a 5 star & five-diamond restaurant in nyc. .@trumpchicagos award winning dining options also offer the best views of the city. @usuallybogey i think washington or lincoln would endorse @realdonaldtrump if they were still around thank you. congratulations to @sethmeyers on emmys rating tumble just as i predicted seth bombed! . obama will grant amnesty to millions of illegals yet he has not lifted a finger for usmc sgt. tahmooressi! . #bringbackourmarine. .@vincemcmahon @miketyson @homerjsimpson i think i m going to accept the #icebucketchallenge- stay tuned to my twitter tomorrow. @trumpphillygm: @philadelphiapga: trump trumps the field at pro-lady team #golf @trumpphillypro: great going team! @onbluesol: homer simpson nominates @realdonaldtrump to do the #icebucketchallenge check out the video clip. @spongebob501r: @homerjsimpson good job homer! @realdonaldtrump good luck! thanks i ll need it! .@bovanpelt. bo i heard you were great at trump national westchester - i am not at all surprised. keep playing well you are a winner! @homerjsimpson: i took the ice bucket challenge and i nominate @realdonaldtrump to follow me! just watch my twitter tomorrow! @domjoly: @realdonaldtrump i can t help thinking how great the usa would be if you were president! @ryankainec1: please run for president. it s been a long time since we ve had an honest president. you are called to do great things. @empireofsocial: tell me one industry @realdonaldtrump does not have a business in there are many! congratulations to @graeme mcdowell and @kristinstape. your baby has seriously good genes will be a champ! @prayformetoo: @realdonaldtrump @ryankainec1 yes and what a great first lady we would have! true! @kornegay danna: @empireofsocial i love donald trump. people are just jealous. i admire his family. good man that would be a great potus. @persdevquotes: sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. donald trump. @phipppo: donald trump is hands down the best mac miller song so true! we have got to get our marine out of that disgusting mexican jail. would be so easy if we had a real leader. one tough phone call & he s out. @financeturd: @realdonaldtrump melania would make a great first lady. i will be doing the a.l.s. ice bucket challenge this morning on twitter. it is not something i look forward to doing but is for a good cause. i have asked the reigning miss universe and miss usa to do the honors. at least i will not have to wash my hair this morning! enjoy. the als #icebucketchallenge that trumps them all-. icymi the als #icebucketchallenge that trumps them all- @missusa @missuniverse @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump. #icebucketchallenge for those of you who wanted a picture here it is-. good luck and best wishes to my dear friend the wonderful and very talented joan rivers! winner of celebrity apprentice amazing woman. @juanjgers: @realdonaldtrump when are you deciding if you will run in 2016? you got my vote! thanks! via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump takes ice bucket challenge dares obama. via @mailonline: but did his hair survive? @missuniverse & @missusa dump water over donald trump. @erictrump i officially accept @realdonaldtrump s #alsicebucketchallenge... very good eric i am always proud of you #strikeoutals. obama once said he would be ignoring the law by granting amnesty through executive action. now hes about to do it. what will congress do? @sheriffbutchdc way 2go! @realdonaldtrump you created awareness for millions. looking 4ward to @erictrump & @donaldjtrumpjr thanks butch. @awmorrell at last the @realdonaldtrump hair debate is finally put to rest - all thanks to the als #icebucketchallenge thx--i hope so! every big thinker has had to start as a nobody. just think big & that immediately distinguishes you from the majority. think big. .@joan rivers get well soon joan - keep fighting! @r b stuart: @realdonaldtrump loved your ice bucket challenge. i hope everyone shuts up about your hair now. what is happening in atlantic city casino closures is very sad - but does anybody give me credit for getting out before its demise? timing. in my book @joan rivers had a lousy doctor shoving a camera down her throat at her age. something went really wrong that should not have! remember this the worst doctors by far are celebrity doctors. if you see their names or read about them in the newspapers stay away! have you been watching how saudi arabia has been taunting our very dumb political leaders to protect them from isis. why aren t they paying? saudi arabia should fight their own wars which they won t or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth- trillion! @mariedannunzio: @realdonaldtrump your a very smart man and more people should follow in your footsteps thank you! @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @mariedannunzio please run for president mr trump! @bradcooney1:wise words. my nephew is a us marine soon to be heading into harms way again. it s gonna be a long 7 months for us. good luck. @deannaspillyard: @deannaspillyard: successful business 101: if @realdonaldtrump buys you buy. if he sells you sell. don t ask just do it. @bgara2011: mrtrump today @ church preacher said that if abraham was modern he would be someone like you. thought you should know. thanks. @blupony3: @realdonaldtrump we ve got some political s stuff that has to gobut youwhy dont you run for president? @sandeebengel: @realdonaldtrump @joan rivers you nailed it donald!! full of energy the day before!! @hardworkinmane: @realdonaldtrump i agree. u would think that with all of that oil money they would create their own fighting force. @ktxo5: @realdonaldtrump will u please run for president. @taylorstime: @realdonaldtrump @joan rivers donald you speak the truth . @sweetsweetseven:most gorgeous building in chicago from a true self made american and he cannot brand his own masterpiece? #smh #trump2016. @kakjoy: @realdonaldtrump please run for president!!!! @carmelcandi68: the isis thug who murdered amer james foley may hv been gitmo detainee yall want close gitmo so bad. @domenicsiracusa: @realdonaldtrump @maathewdavis the donald 2016. @frannyfine31: @realdonaldtrump i would finally register to vote if you ran. you would be an awesome president. @panda9103 @parentseitz. @bbcoachkk: you are my idol! i m stuck in a company that takes my talent for granted! at my breaking point! give me strength dt! get out! @milagyi: @realdonaldtrump i don t follow politics but i know if you ran for president i would vote for you!!! @niralsoni: @realdonaldtrump trump tower mumbai golden opportunity @frannyfine31 @panda9103 @parentseitz. @lizzymariedaoud: mr. trump i seriously love you your tweets always keep me entertained because there very real and you speak your mind! @vinnygooch: @realdonaldtrump the don 2016!!! i can see it now! @npherron: @realdonaldtrump for president #2016election. @mayursharma60: @realdonaldtrump i dream to own a house in trump towers mumbai #coztrumptowersisthebest. @ramdurand: @vinnygooch the media who loves donald during non election time would screw him in a prez bid. cant even trust fox. @lorenzolamas you are the man mr trump. your als challenge was epic and all it represented. love to the fam. thanks lorenzo. @skimpybean @realdonaldtrump woah! well done fella. i honestly thought for all these years that was a wig. see i told you so thanks! @lglick1 there are no words to describe this. my boss @realdonaldtrump is awesome! thanks larry. angieapon i think you should try wearing your hair combed back. it looked good when you slicked it back mr. trump #als may happen thx. @dirtmeister you don t have to be president to make a differenceyou saved new york from mediocrity. thank you people do forget! @vincemcmahon way to go @realdonaldtrump what a good sport. thanks vince but you are the greatest of them all. @stffp we just received a #doodleforhunger by @realdonaldtrump for our 2014 celebrity #art auction: good cause. @pierpaolomonni just amazing! well done! great you accepted that challenge @realdonaldtrump! personally i had no doubts about that! thanks. @deessteve @realdonaldtrump hey our week at your vegas hotel was very nice. classy hotel. we will return great thx! @trumplasvegas. @alsama new hairstyle for donald trump? we think it looks great all slicked back! #alsicebucketchallenge maybe i will do it someday--thx! @lisaz15 @realdonaldtrump wishing her well! she was awesome when she was on celebrity apprentice! very smart. true! @joan rivers. @vv3762 @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump it is fine that despite your achievements you have not lost sense of humour! thanks. @gplunkert @realdonaldtrump it shows u r a class act by doing the ice bucket challenge.. unlike our president.. thank you. the #hyperlapse app in @trumptowerny-. @orestistzo @realdonaldtrump i never thought you would do it! great video and for a great cause. well done sir! #alsicebucketchallenge thx. .@wwe: he s answered the call! @realdonaldtrump responds to @vincemcmahon s #alsicebucketchallenge! #smackdownals. watch @donaldjtrumpjr and @erictrump accept my #alsicebucketchallenge-. i succeeded by saying what everyone else is thinking. - @joan rivers. @lansdalepadre @realdonaldtrump what a great sport!! good job!! #alsicebucketchallenge thank you. the idea flow from the human spirit is absolutely unlimited. all you have to do is tap into that well. - @jack welch. young entrepreneurs be patient and continue to work with determination. with hard work success will follow. keep your focus! looking forward to being at the @rydercupusa announcement tonight. treat yourself to the pinnacle of luxury public golf at @trumpgolflas white sand 250m premiere course. no more massive injections. tiny children are not horsesone vaccine at a time over time. i am being proven right about massive vaccinationsthe doctors lied. save our children & their future. @rcstaley @loisweiss @realdonaldtrump i loved your als challenge! i m so happy that you showed real men can do it! obama not! thanks. @justtreatsgolf hair-raising stuff as golf mogul @realdonaldtrump proves that it is his real hair with his #icebucketchallenge thanks. @lindseyscheibe @realdonaldtrump erik s story breaks my heart. vaccines destroyed his family. very sad! @jamandatrtl her son was over-vaccinated. #cdcwhistleblower #hearthiswell terrible. @sheltonfl @realdonaldtrump stayed your new hotel in chicago this past weekend. one of the best places i ve stayed thanks. @trumpchicago. @smiller581110 @realdonaldtrump @skimpybean just watched your als ice bucket challenge. big respect to you thank you. @iambedmatrix mr. trump when is the announcement of miss universe host city? we love you and your pageant we just want to know soon! @fishingmaniac @realdonaldtrump thank you for supporting american values. that s easy! @akiagarnett @r b stuart trump is a hero - 1 of the last standing vocals who says whatever he pleases. nothing like that kinda candor thx. @deno716 what better way to start a movie than having @realdonaldtrump in the first 3 min. yes i m watching zoolander on @netflix great! @chrisshields16 class act @realdonaldtrump. way to go. #als big props! thanks. innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. -- steve jobs. entrepreneurs: put everything you ve got into what you re doing. know exactly what you want and go for it. nothing should be haphazard. entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. entrepreneurs: never give up. be tough. apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious: look at the solution not the problem. entrepreneurs: do not view any failure as the final say for your efforts. learn your lessons quickly then move on. trump int l golf links & hotel ireland fronts the atlantic ocean & is host to the 2014 great irish links challenge. @rwang0: @millionby22 @realdonaldtrump has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins. @onlineontheair: my friend s son immediate #autism after #vaccines 10 yrs ago. so sad. keep up good work nay-sayers will understand soon. @this justin: waking up early and studying my idol @realdonaldtrump go get em! i m not against vaccinations for your children i m against them in 1 massive dose.spread them out over a period of time & autism will drop! so many people who have children with autism have thanked meamazing response. they know far better than fudged up reports! i attended @aerosmith concert last night in newark nj. doesnt get any better than that. @iamstevent was fantastic great energy! the next generation of luxury @trumpvancouver will be the icon of the vancouver skyline. as we are learning the hard way both domestically & internationally hope is not a strategy. china continues to be on the move both technologically and militarily. obama is sitting by and watching. any american who fights w isis in iraq or syria should have their passport revoked. if they try to come back in send them to gitmo. senator landrieu if you are a senator representing louisiana then you should own a home in the state. send @billcassidy to the senate! mold yourself into the person who can do big things. think big. joan rivers @joan rivers was an amazing woman and a great friend. her energy and talent were boundless. she will be greatly missed. peace is not absence of conflict it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. pres. ronald reagan. @buntymunn @realdonaldtrump just played trump aberdeen yesterday might just be the best golf experience i ve ever had! great thanks! in memory of joan rivers- watch when she became my celebrity apprentice- which meant so much to her! @therefornone just home from great couple of days at @trumpturnberry. tremendous golf course simply outstanding. loved it. great thanks. the mar-a-lago club the crown jewel of palm beach is a landmark in the national register of historic places. taking risks & making mistakes is the best way to learn something new. most of the time you will surprise yourself -trump never give up. must read quote by @erictrump in @cnnmoney article builders race to develop sky-high condo buildings. best of luck to @chucktodd on his @meetthepress debut this sunday. usmc sgt. tahmooressi has now been held in mexican jail for over 150 days. when will obama call for his release? #freeourmarine. china is going to complete 59 new theme parks by 2020 over 23b in expansion. that would take over 100 years in our country. the obamacare website was hacked. 5b dollars later and the site cant even secure your personal information. great event last night @trumpwinery with @governorva to support @thevfoundation @uva @vcu. @p01yn0nym0u55: @jamandatrtl #vaccines #shills insist #autism starts in utero or genetic but parents insist sudden onset after #vaccine. @gio th: if you want to test a man s character give him power.abraham lincoln. @homerealtyindia: mr. trump with #lodha is developing the iconic #trumptower in #mumbai. @p01yn0nym0u55: ! @vikdam @jamandatrtl imagine how mad you d be to watch your healthy child crash hard after vaccine then doctors mock you. i m not saying to not give vaccines i am just saying give them small doses over a long period of time - not one massive dose for a child. president obama has just reached an all-time low approval rating! is anybody surprised? the happiest person is former president jimmy carter. attention all hackers: you are hacking everything else so please hack obama s college records destroyed? and check place of birth. i just started construction of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. many jobs. will be finest hotel in u.s. watch it happen! @billywmerritt: the art of the deal got me off my ass and got me in the game. we all have 24 hours in a day. no excuses for me. thanks! @billywmerritt: .@realdonaldtrump we need a trump tower in atlanta. i will buy the first unit. great! @nick2travel: if trump was president there would be jobs all over and professionals like me would not have to move to another country. @anthonyjmyers: #iftrumpwerepresident this country would be the classiest most established most admired place in the world. 100 true! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump mara-a-lago is unbelievably spectacular. thank you! @masterbaxter8: @melaniatrump probably one of the most beautiful ladies to walk the planet of course @realdonaldtrump is her husband! @tjonesy072: @realdonaldtrump pecfect! why aren t you president? @masterbaxter8: @erictrump you and your family amaze me can t think of a nobler family in history. @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr thank you. @rokrok10100: @realdonaldtrump ...in india we love donald trump. wake up america recognize the sheer class of this man. remember anything you read about atlantic city has nothing to do with me. i sold years ago and left. good timing but very sad! @debkanchan: @realdonaldtrump trump is trump-card to success in usa ! make him president of usa. @justdoitmia: @realdonaldtrump hard not think atlantic city and not think of you..you re an icon there and always will be god bless you! @albymetevier: @realdonaldtrump mr trump will u save america and run? i know the job sucks but we need it fixed. so true! @fanofgreenmms: @realdonaldtrump we love you mr. trump. thank you! @ericamelone: @realdonaldtrump anyone that knows you knows it has nothing to do with you. don t worry about defending yourself. you rock! @andyacr: @realdonaldtrump can t imagine living a day in your shoes. it must be remarkable. but never easy! @flowersmeller: @realdonaldtrump any plans to come back to dubai @damacofficial - looking forward to playing 18 on your course! great! @nwankwofranklin: @realdonaldtrump i am a proud member of your over 2 million twitter followers. i get inspired all the time by your story. @timothyhero: @realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president when obama s corrupted term is done. one of the big problems facing atlantic city are the ridiculously high real estate taxes which i fought for years before leaving.corruption! @gracem54: @realdonaldtrump seriously - usa could use a man like you running this country! we could be great again! #trump2016 thank you! @marvinescobars: trump triumph trump find the differences?? next president!! @realdonaldtrump. @p00dy: @realdonaldtrump @marvinescobars the difference is successful people like the trumps need no excuses. thanks! @chrissergeant: @thomas thanks for the endorsement but there s far more entertaining folk than me out there. there s donald trump for one. i will be going to the funeral of my friend joan rivers today. i got to know her really well when she became the winner of the apprentice! joan rivers had great talent but also truly amazing stamina and drive - she would never give up or quit. that is why she became a champion! we just finished shooting a new season of celebrity apprentice and happily for all joan plays my advisor in two episodes. she was great! getting ready to pay final respect to great lady joan rivers. she could light up a room like no other! she will be greatly missed. @kpasee: hearing that donald trump went to joan rivers s funeral breaks my heart i feel like she just won the celebrity apprentice. @stephencvengros: joan rivers funeral: donald trump howard stern among star-studded cast of mourners. i will be on fox & friends @foxandfriends at 7.00 a.m. 30 minutes . enjoy! @jbizz13: it was awesome seeing you at the ryder cup announcement last week! so glad to have the pga of america coming to your course tnx! @shmann55: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump sure would like to see you run for president! thank you! @mrswilbert: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends now that i know you re on every monday i ll definitely be listening. @cordizzzle: @howardstern getting a lot of praise from @realdonaldtrump on fox news about joan rivers funeral. howard did a great job! @ ian: no one respects golf more than me but there is a time and place for everything - mr.trump hitting the nail on the head! @talismanjohnnya: @foxandfriends: you can bet your rear-ends that d. t. would have a strategy and would have a year ago. great segment!. @boobunni : might buy a tv just to see @realdonaldtrump on monday mornings on @foxandfriends great. @jonestigger0828: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump it just blows the mind that this president is still in office. @kandacec1: @realdonaldtrump when am i gonna get to see some more of the apprentice??? i miss seeing you weekly!: soon! @216th: @realdonaldtrump you made joan rivers very happy when u rightfully chose her to win apprentice. @espnnfl: our @frankcaliendo was awesome as as bill belichick ron jaws donald trump and jerry jones. must watch:. @mtthwdvs: @realdonaldtrump joan was a great woman. always funny and she had excellent chemistry with you on celebrity apprentice! home of the iconic ailsa a four time @the open course @trumpturnberry is a landmark on the ayrshire coastline. if amnesty is so popular according to the dc ruling class then why is obama delaying his executive action until after the election? @sassypantsjj please do more apprentices know you re busy but once a year is not enough !!!! love that show !!! thanks. with the labor participation rate at a 36 yr. low over 92m americans are out of the work force. learning is a new beginning we can give ourselves every day. trump: how to get rich. everything you can imagine is real. pablo picasso. new poll states that a record number of americans have lost all faith in president obama - duh! @teeblack011: @realdonaldtrump: @tweets business: @realdonaldtrump. @thebigjamesg: what kind of president doesn t get playing golf after a cruel beheading isn t the thing to do? detached from reality he is. @joeperry: always good to see @realdonaldtrump rock and rollin at the aerosmith show. joe--it was great meeting you--fantastic concert. the trump signature collection available @macys offers top new designs for your fall wardrobe. dress your best! @cringe fringe @joan rivers you were a good friend to joan and i enjoyed the apprentice show with her. thanks mr. trump. thank you. @dragonfly125 @realdonaldtrump loved that season!!!!! #ripjoanrivers everyone did thanks. @nursedebi @realdonaldtrump thank you for your support #cdcwhistleblower you re welcome. @trixdelavega @realdonaldtrump please announce miss universe 2014 host as soon as possible very soon. soaring 92 stories @trumpchicago boasts a @forbesinspector 5 star rating for both its hotel & restaurant. boasting @aaafivediamond & @forbesinspector 5 star ratings @trumpnewyorks @jeangeorges features a superb menu. fact obama still has not fixed the backend of the obamacare website. this could be the greatest internet boondoggle in history. why are we giving away our entire strategy and tactics we will deploy against isis? it puts our troops at a disadvantage. in 09 obama released the isis chief. the terrorist gloated ill see you in new york historic nat l sec. error. icymi via @foxnewsinsider my @foxandfriends from yesterday on obamas dangerous disconnect. windmills are the greatest threat in the us to both bald and golden eagles. media claims fictional global warming is worse. always remember that the future comes one day at a time. - dean acheson. @vix3361: @realdonaldtrump you speak the truth true! @aguilar845: @realdonaldtrump for president #2016. @terriduncan73: @realdonaldtrump i would definately vote for you. @weddingbandwny: @realdonaldtrump thank you!!! love buffalo! my great honor! @diamondslpn: @realdonaldtrump would you please run for president? people respect you!!! and know you don t play around! i made a great deal of money in atlantic city but left years ago when i saw so many political mistakes being made. i have zero involvement! where serenity meets luxury: trump natl jupiters spa offers treatments which help restore youthful vitality. 38 stories high @trumpwaikikis 462 luxury guest rooms & suites offer exceptional services. @apprenticenbc: donald trump talks joan rivers via @tvgrapevine by @tvg sammi. imposing dunes on the aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotlands championship course is a classical scottish links. flashback from october 2013: donald trump demands larger iphone screen youre welcome! apple listened. attention arnold palmer: happy birthday arnold. there is no one like you --the king! @kingdommag. if obama resigns from office now thereby doing a great service to the countryi will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses! i just want to know how much is saudi arabia and others who we are helping willing to pay for our saving from total extinction. pay up now! middle eastern countries must participate militarily no running away and big league financially in order for us to go in and save them! tell saudi arabia and others that we want demand! free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private boeing 747s.pay up! @kalozap: obama s mind isis ebola etc.... and then thinking boy i wish i was on the golf coarse. what should i wear on the links. @kingofpolitics: @realdonaldtrump donald in the house. you nailed it down. @nick2travel: @realdonaldtrump they should pay us free oil for the next 100 years. @johnmichael328: @realdonaldtrump great question...agreed. @twattertwattwit: @realdonaldtrump you are 100 right. enough is enough. @kevinb : @realdonaldtrump saudi arabia is already paying isis. @dale schrock: @realdonaldtrump so true.. they should pay up for our protection and by the way stop persecuting christians over there too! @realjimpeterson: @realdonaldtrump that s right we aided in their wealth and their silence on this matter demonstrates their acceptance. @joeyjoe78: great point! freedom is not free and the american people are tired of paying for it! it s time for other nations to pay up! @silverfoxgranny: #saudiarabia saudi arabia are nothing but mouth pieces bullies cowards. they have the money but no guts. @indybuffalojim: the american public will fall deeper in debt and will crush our middle class. another plan of our socialistic president. @natezito: @realdonaldtrump you should be the next president don thanks. @therachelgibson: seriously there is nobody who can fix this country but you. it s now or never! we need you. #usa #nowornever so true! @enhancededdie: @realdonaldtrump trump you will make the greatest president since lincoln wow nice! @bebe el mejor: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump you are one of the people i most admire ! greetings from venezuela!. thanks. can you believe that our very stupid politicians released the leader of isis and now we are spending billions trying to get him back! @orlando tina: @realdonaldtrump i wish you were president sir! i can t believe that the judge in the oscar pistorious case has found him not guilty of murder. no one has been more guilty since o.j.! they should have rebuilt the two buildings of the world trade center exactly as they were except taller and stronger. a better statement! @yankee rangernv the silver lining in you not buying the bills is that you can hopefully rescue what s left of this country& run! so true! on 9 11 we pray for the victims and their families of the attack and give thanks to all who have sacrificed for justice & our freedom. my interview on 9 13 01 with a german reporter after visiting ground zero. @jenniii0rozco: @realdonaldtrump you should be our new president .. the judge in the oscar pistorious case is a total moron. she said he didn t act like a killer. this is another o.j. disaster! with a @sharkgregnorman designed course directly along the water @trump charlotte is north carolinas elite club. via @heraldbusiness by @hannahbsampson: @trumpdoral looking to hire hundreds. .@donaldjtrumpjrs @cnbc interview discussing the starving demand that is fueling high-end luxury. the so-called moderate syrian rebels pledged their allegiance to isis after obamas address. we should not be arming them! offering river lake & skyline views @trumpchicagos 339 5 star rooms range from deluxe suites to spa guestrooms. sen. kay hagan voted for amnesty & obamacare. she is a proven liberal who recklessly goes along with obama. vote @thomtillis in november! obamacare has cut workers pay by over 22b & eliminated 350000 small business jobs repeal before it s too late! always be prepared to start. - joe montana. @samanthaviner01: @realdonaldtrump for president. @ghosttoast99: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump please help us get an autism service dog for our son carson. how much do you need? @candystiltz: @realdonaldtrump please run. i d like someone with a back bone and can make decisions in office. remember what you said! @ripnitz: @realdonaldtrump please run for president!!! we need you to straighten out this country!! @shoreline1996 donaldtrump please for all of humanity run for president. but use your money to campaign so you don t need to return favors. @lauraaachinn: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016. i would be first in line at the polls. @jeffpurcell50: @realdonaldtrump @ghosttoast99 he will help. he is a great man! @johnnysanac: kinda early to decide but i m going to be @realdonaldtrump for halloween lol have fun! @hawkeye3073: @realdonaldtrump i know you hear this endlessly but you would definitely have my vote should you run in 2016 #muchrespect. @kstork48g: @realdonaldtrump i would love for you to run. what would be your plan on stopping isis?? military mom here. love you. @eastonwestwood: please run for president again! america is almost finished but might have a chance if you re president in jan.2017. @bentrolling: @realdonaldtrump @eastonwestwood disclosing his finances would make donald trump the most wealthy president ever! so true! secretary kerry cannot get other nations to join us in fighting isis. they are afraid and he is a poor salesman who reps a pathetic leader! @bentrolling: @realdonaldtrump @eastonwestwood donald trump has more know how grit and integrity than george w. bush. very true! @a frog 4 life: if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable - donald trump. money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game! @bentrolling: @realdonaldtrump @eastonwestwood that isn t even a real number! nice try you will see donald trump by a landslide in 2016! i have nothing to do with atlantic city-sold years ago great timing . for losers and haters i never went bankrupt. plus 10 billion sorry. @cahlrstorrie: @realdonaldtrump you always know what to say. you re an inspiration for millions if not billions. thank you. @jaredaustinthom: we just need to let @realdonaldtrump run the whole world. #trump2016 it would be a fantastic place thanks! @indybuffalojim: all fact but of course haters never check the data your business decisions are sound & you have the success 2 prove it. @mkristin73: @realdonaldtrump so are you running for president? time will soon tell but if i do our country will be great again! @mattman612: i m on board with @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @mkristin73: @realdonaldtrump i honestly don t doubt it. we need a real leader in there. @kevhegarty: please please please let @realdonaldtrump run for president. that would be awesome. @andyhemmins: @realdonaldtrump #missusa is way classier than #missamerica. @mikeyjfitz: @realdonaldtrump thru rough times 1 thing that keeps me going i wasn t one of the idiots that voted for obama. #trump2016. i will be on fox and friends at.7.00 a.m. enjoy! @jcartmell 2011: i honestly think he needs to run for president. i d vote for him in a heart beat. man s a genius!! thank you! good luck to the people of scotland whatever their decision may be on thursday. the whole world is watchingreally exciting! with championship links @trumpscotlands world-class amenities also include dining & luxury accommodations. via @nbc6: @missuniverse pageant coming to @trumpdoral in 2015. via @newhampshirecom:tickets on sale for loeb school event featuring donald trump. obamas promise to build an international coalition against isis is already broken. no one trusts him at home or abroad. congratulations to obama on building a strong economy. there are 49500000 people on food stamps. a historic record! don t expect to build up the weak by pulling down the strong. - calvin coolidge. if you cant focus with unyielding resolve then you will never be successful. believe in yourself and you can accomplish your goals. i left atlantic city years ago good timing. now i may buy back in at much lower price to save plaza & taj. they were run badly by funds! it is so sad to see what has happened to atlantic city. so many bad decisions by the pols over the years - airport convention center etc. can you believe that the u.s. will be sending 3000 troops to africa to help with ebola.they will come home infected? we have enough problems. does anybody notice that atlantic city lost its magic after i left years ago. i had the big boxing introduced ufc ask dana the best shows. i ve realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. nothing less. entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don t no one else will either. we must immediately stop all air traffic coming from the ebola infected areas of africabefore it is too late. @sirsmooth61 taj employee here mr trump we will welcome you back with open arms! we need you back! thanks mark i am looking! @yankee rangernv @realdonaldtrump don t forget you were also the only person to host wrestlemania in back to back years so true thanks. @newmexicoroni @realdonaldtrump sadly they of course will blame you for the failure. idiots. and i haven t been there in years. just met with david perdue @perduesenate. hes a fantastic guy who will fight hard against obamacare. he will win! right to play uses the power of play to educate and empower children facing adversity. a great cause--check it out. important - @repmattsalmon & @repedroyce will hold a hearing on oct. 1w usmc sgt. tahmooressis mother & wife. every day mexico continues to hold sgt. tahmooressi is an insult to our country. success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money. - johnny cash. in order to stop the ebola outbreak in africa perhaps the president should put all africans on obamacare rather than sending the troops! on mike and mike @espn in two minutes! @coreymccrack3n: @realdonaldtrump had a good point this morning on @mikeandmike. the refs are flag happy and make watching games boring. @j hawk25: @realdonaldtrump well said this morning on @mikeandmike the nfl has become the no fun league. #nfl. @skelify: @espngreeny completely agree with what @realdonaldtrump just said about the penalties and the hits. 1 2. @imarle64: @mikeandmike wowan actual good guest @realdonaldtrump keeping it real on his view of the #nfl #refreshing. @rclark randy: @realdonaldtrump great interview on @mikeandmike this am! the donald for commissioner!! @bxrocboy: @espngreeny @realdonaldtrump was right. the nfl is ruining the game with all of the penalties. as a fan i m losing interest. @todd h @mikeandmike -let the court & league discipline them and move on. agree with mr. t the @nfl needs to worry about product on field. @deejaywalmix: everything @realdonaldtrump said right on the money! @espngreeny @espngolic. @ariansfetus: @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump wow what did i wake up to? awesome take. #nfl. @echo5chrly: @mikeandmike for once @realdonaldtrump makes sense. the @nfl has become less entertaining due to all the flags. @therxelite: @realdonaldtrump loved your time on @mikeandmike today. great points and views. @mostontyler: @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump 100 right about the excessive flags and tackling. @jphillipslo: @realdonaldtrump @espn you were spot on about the game of football being boring. too many flags. @stclou: have to agree with mr. t what will ruin nfl is not the off-field idiocy but the on field idiocy of penalizing every hard tackle. @southernrambler: @realdonaldtrump @espn you were right on! agreed with product on field is horrible. @b dussault: @realdonaldtrump should be on @mikeandmike everyday. such an interesting guy. thanks. @david perilla3: @realdonaldtrump thanks for telling it how it is. @thesa: @espngreeny @mikeandmike @espngolic listen to what @realdonaldtrump said he just summed up what all the fans feel about the league. @jared searcy88: @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump is the man. @waltthew: @mikeandmike fantastic interview of mr. t both on a business perspective and a fan. maybe the best interview you have ever had. @waynehancock88: i think that @realdonaldtrump should be the next commissioner of the @nfl! #bringbackfootball. @beasonshane: @espngreeny @espngolic great call from @realdonaldtrump 100 agree with him on the stated of the nfl and football in general. @hai: i couldn t agree more with @realdonaldtrump about the nfl becoming the no fun league. i m glad someone finally came out and said it! @titansfan1967: @realdonaldtrump @espn i loved your views on espn this morning. need your views in the nfl. @trueque02: @realdonaldtrump love your response on @mikeandmike this morning regarding the @nfl brand. @hello4t: preach @realdonaldtrump !!! u killed it on @mikeandmike ! #nflestadepinga. @allanbell247: did anyone just see @realdonaldtrump on @mikeandmike? he nailed it. @bluedish: @realdonaldtrump @espn spot on interview! let em play put the flags away! @uwsp46: @realdonaldtrump @nfl ur so right about the nfl becoming a game not worth watching anymore pc ppl have killed the game. @markmizzousteel: love hearing @realdonaldtrump laying the hammer on the @nfl on @mikeandmike this morning. trump for commissioner!!!!! @sinksinksink1: @realdonaldtrump everything you just said on mike&mike was exactly what ive been waiting for someone to say. thank you! @louis the iv: idk if anyone watched mike and mike this morning but @realdonaldtrump spoke the absolute truth. @bhamp23: @realdonaldtrump @espn great interview. @cjdischinger: @mikeandmike --- so @realdonaldtrump for @nfl commish? loved his views. @pittab: @mikeandmike you guys need to have @realdonaldtrump on every week! @gameanew: @realdonaldtrump absolutely right!! #mikeandmike. @itguy7305: @realdonaldtrump i can t believe i agree with everything you said on @mikeandmike #worldisover. @williamwatp: @realdonaldtrump great phone interview on espn! ps forget buffalo buy the chicago @cubs #sonsofwrigley. @jmart1128: loving @realdonaldtrump on @mikeandmike this morning! @dmadan81: the nfl is becoming unwatchable because of the flags -@realdonaldtrump. @jake wilfong: @realdonaldtrump was speaking the truth this morning on @mikeandmike. too many flags let the boys play. @gzervs: great job on @espn this morning. @realdonaldtrump could run the nfl much better. @valbano206: loved listening to @realdonaldtrump this morning on @mikeandmike fantastic and true view points on the sad state of the nfl. there is a point in every contest when sitting on the sidelines is not an option. -- dean smith. great article on so-called climate change formerly known as global warming. it was a great honor to be on @mikeandmike on @espn. wow the response was amazing! with panoramic views of central park & the manhattan skyline 5 star @trumpnewyork offers 176 newly renovated rooms. must read article by @boonepickens & @ambjohnbolton: americas untapped energy weapon we don t need foreign oil! are the republicans going to blow their chance to take the senate? must focus on obamacare and amnesty. so obama wants to bomb isis in iraq & arm them in syria? what is he doing! the iraqi army has squandered the majority of the weapons & training we gave them for 10 long years. when will we learn? sometimes you have to take a half step back to take two forward. - @vincemcmahon. @1simranjitsingh: @realdonaldtrump donald vs. vince mcmahon at wrestlemania 23. epic. @woofeous: @realdonaldtrump @trumpnewyork love how donald races to top to be the best in everything he puts his name on. @vincemcmahon: way to go @realdonaldtrump what a good sport. vince only for you! @luigiboria congratulations on getting the miss universe pageant to come to doral miami - it will be a great show and a tremendous success! .@trumpgolfla is @theknots pick for the best of weddings with our vista terrace looking over the pacific ocean. @nycdeb8tr mr. trump i would love to see you spice things up and cut a rug on #dancingwiththestars they would love to have me! @pharlap9 @realdonaldtrump emanuel is nuts period! your sign is wonderful on your building in chicago! thank you. @lightlybarbara: @realdonaldtrump donald trump you should run for president seriously. @ spock: rt @mrgrumpystephen: hi @realdonaldtrump its my birthday any chance of a retweet happy birthday! @claudevanpelt: @realdonaldtrump donald trump is the only man who can save this country and run it efficiently. many agree thanks! @ewalkdog33: @realdonaldtrump even if it s only 4 years be president and fix this countries economy. @notoriousgeko: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! @jz561: @realdonaldtrump seriously love all things trump! #justsayin thanks. @nycdeb8tr: @realdonaldtrump we have 2 more years of suffering under obama. can we at least have some fun while suffering? #trumpfan. @gregshades @realdonaldtrump in 2017 when obama hopefully leaves office and we can began to rebuild america from his nightmare. thx. realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute. learn work and think in equal proportions and you ll be going in the right direction. the people of scotland have spokena great decision. i wish @alexsalmond well & look forward to playing golf with him at aberdeen! i am convinced that if @alexsalmond had not pushed ugly wind turbines all over scotland the vote would have been much better for him! congratulations to georgina bloomberg on winning the inaugural central park grand prix csi 3 @mikebloomberg. @jefferysiegrist @realdonaldtrump just passed the great man s tower! nice. @000hermansjr000 the views surrounding all your prestigious establishments are always breathtaking. you are a businessman & artist thx. trump natl westchester is among the most highly regarded clubs in new york. a great place. china s the leading exporter of iraqi oil yet they wont lift a finger against isis. why should we do the heavy lifting for chinas gain? leading by 13 over landrieu in a @foxnews poll @billcassidy will beat her in november. the wilson family should thank me. pegula overpaid for the @buffalobills because of me! brand new selection of trump signature collection shirts and ties @macys. go check them out. effective leadership is putting first things first. effective management is discipline carrying it out. - stephen covey. roger goodell must stop apologizing to everyone who will listen and toughen up. his street smart players are laughing at him and the nfl! @pwr34: wow @realdonaldtrump knows how to build em. #chicago true! why are we sending thousands of ill-trained soldiers into ebola infested areas of africa! bring the plague back to u.s.? obama is so stupid. do you believe that obama is giving weapons to moderate rebels in syria.isn t sure who they are. what the hell is he doing.will turn on us. what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. they just called this the biggest scandal in u.s. sports history gma . roger looks really weak and indecisive must put on a better front! the nfl image is really tarnished! now if the sponsors start leaving and the ratings go down the nfl will be in big trouble. boring games! @kylegolfmtnbike: @realdonaldtrump nfl is forever changed and i m afraid in ten years it will be gone or flag football. the nfl should have its non-profit status immediately revoked while at the same time ending the giant tax scam which makes teams so valuable. without passion you dont have energy and without energy you have nothing! just one more of my totally brilliant quotes - use it well. our country has become so politically correct that it has lost all sense of direction or purpose. we are unable to move forward painlessly. @andyay:donaldtrump good to hear news of you and turnberry in ayrshire scotland. south ayrshire has best weather in scotlandso good choice. @ilenayankoviak: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016? good morning. i will be on fox and friends at 7.00 30 minutes . enjoy! @foxandfriends. @socalmike sd: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends why do all u haters follow trump...pathetic good question! @socalmike sd: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends wish you were president right now...one can hope...we need a leader in a leaderless country. @robhelm78: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends thank god i need my dt fix cute! @johneharmon: @realdonaldtrump great segment on fox and friends. #takebacksenate. @breemomma33: @realdonaldtrump always enjoy listening to you on @foxandfriends too bad this administration doesn t take your advice! @wolf grayson: @realdonaldtrump donald trump 2016. you better win. @rummypent: @realdonaldtrump @johneharmon man i d love to see u as our prez. u speak my language sir. god love you thank you! @chazman321: @realdonaldtrump you should run for potus i would back you 110 ! @cahlrstorrie: @realdonaldtrump @wolf grayson he will win in 2016. @aaszkler: @realdonaldtrump @tylerasmith1 gop will not win until they fire all of the political consultants. briarcliff manor mayor vescio is doing a terrible job. taxes way too high roads in terrible conditionrepave pine road. @briarcliffmanor. interesting article about atlantic city. from rags to riches and back to rags! obamas rollout of his isis war plan is another unmitigated disaster. the generals must be furious. now obama is having our army coordinate with iran against isis. whats next? always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other. abraham lincoln. why would the people of kentucky want a rookie senator they have sen. mitch @mcconnellpress who may be next leader & bring s to ky. according to many isis was given so much time and so many signals as to when we would start bombing that they were able to prepare and hide. @kylekisskiss: @realdonaldtrump run for president win and handle it! @karabeckley: @kylekisskiss couldn t agree more! please our country needs a true strong leader! i m terrified for this country now! @betocolombia1: @realdonaldtrump @kylekisskiss donald you will win but i have pray for you becuse it is the destiny of earth!! @lyricalmafiarum: @realdonaldtrump trump-a-mania needs to run wild again in ac! so true after i left it lost all energy and spirit! @lyricalmafiarum: will trump-a-mania run wild again in atlantic city? donaldtrump @hulkhogan #wrestlemania4 #wrestlemania5 @vincemcmahon. @thissenrolf: @realdonaldtrump i m a german social democrat but don go for president. i want to see real competition. @donallentown: @realdonaldtrump @kylekisskiss not only do you have a great name.. you d win and do a great job. hug @ivankatrump for me :. damac & #trump organization are developing a 2nd trump #golf course trump world golf club #dubai at akoya oxygen! zegarelli and vescio: pine road looks like hell. must be re-paved nowvery bad for town. @briarcliffmanor. the @forbesinspector & @aaanews 5 star restaurant @trumpnewyorks @jean georgesnyc is nyc s top destination. obama administration said that saudi arabia was on syrias border wrong. these are the civilians planning the war. obamacare data mismatch could leave thousands uninsured obamacare is not working and has missed all targets. offering top amenities along w award winning architectural design @trumpchicagos condominiums are world-class. do more be more give more--and everyone will benefit. think like a champion. @cahlrstorrie when i go to new york my first second and third stop is @trumptowerny and hopefully get to see @realdonaldtrump great! @mathewprinsen: @realdonaldtrump i was wondering your take on obama saluting with a coffee in his hand? big deal or no? terrible! @emohermione: i really really really hope that @realdonaldtrump runs for president. it would make all my dreams come true. thanks. @straussanator: @realdonaldtrump when is the apprentice coming back? very soon recently finished shooting - and it is great! @timereckoner: @realdonaldtrump donald trump needs to run for president. you ll have my vote when you decide to run for office. thank you. @timgebby: i m back following @realdonaldtrump and my twitter life just got better! #presidentoftweet great. @prolifictweeter: @realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president too. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @emohermione i hope that he runs also! we need a real leader in dc. @lotuschild32: @realdonaldtrump u would do more in 1 week than obama has in 6 yrs! #trump4prez #fireobama. @its time31: can @realdonaldtrump please run for president! @ga888ino: @realdonaldtrump what s holding you back from running for president? live & die for your beliefs... stay tuned! @shaydud: @realdonaldtrump if you can dream it you can do it. waltdisney hope your dreaming of 1600 pennsylvania ave. @spencerpyoung: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president it will be the first time i actually go out and vote. great! @jdbailey08: @realdonaldtrump you re my hero. keep up the good work. #trumpforpresident. @calihose3: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016! #trump2016 please! bring class leadership and competence back to #america. you have my vote! @buddholly: @realdonaldtrump you are my #1 man. please run for president i cannot vote for anyone else! thanks. with terry mcauliffe gov of virginia at the trump winery in charlottesville va--largest on east coast. @governorva. @scotlandgolf1 @ivankatrump @trumpscotland it is one of the best courses i have played and one i recommend to all our clients. thank you. via @bbcnews: donald trump golf clubhouse at menie approved. the 2013 @njpga course of the year trump natl bedminster is honored to be hosting the 2022 @pgachampionship. someone unknown tweeted incorrectly that i m for sen. mitch @mcconnellpress for speaker. i m supporting him for senate majority leader. congratulations @trumpsoho on being named a great east coast hotels for teens and families by @parademagazine. happy new year to all my jewish friends celebrating the holiday. @ryan schiller: @realdonaldtrump reading never give up by donald trump he is my idol. please see this mr. trump!! great. @chuckiswhite: @realdonaldtrump 2016. @joepreni: i ve never voted before but if @realdonaldtrump runs for president i ll vote for him. #trump. @oasisjosh: if i was an american i m sure i would vote for @realdonaldtrump for president. @parslow 88: @realdonaldtrump lets go #trump2016. @sapthrows: this coming election is the first one i can vote in and i hope @realdonaldtrump runs so he can get my vote #trump2016. @itsdemariow: donald trump is my favorite mac miller song and mine tooooo! @oasisjosh @glenninvestor @realdonaldtrump his books are great thanks. go to to help my friend scott brown take back our senate. the u.s. should not be giving away our strategy & tactics to the enemy so they can prepare. just go and do what you have to do! when youre in a fight with a bully always throw the first punchand dont telegraph ithit hard & hit fast! .@rosieno offense and good luck on the new show but remember you started it! ill bet if i didnt harass apple for the last 2 years about the large screen iphone they wouldnt have done itbut it bends & breaks! @jsl79 i hope you will consider buying back the trump plaza & taj returning them to the great places they once were will take a hard look. watching the ryder cup on @golfchannel. very interesting and tough matches. amazing sport my favorite! people are loving the new line of trump ties and shirts at macy s. check them out! @grandeevents can t wait for the opening of your new hotel in the old post office building in dc. we know it will be fabulous! thank you. @realpro4real @themilliardaire @trump ireland wow the golf course in ireland is designed with great taste & attention to detail! :- thx. @billydhayes nothing but respect for someone who can speak their mind without fear of censorship! thank you for being that guy! thank you. @loganb58 so cool to see @realdonaldtrump respond to so many people who tweet at him. a true role model in the business world. thanks. @youknowyournice @realdonaldtrump you are the man telling it how it is with no 2nd guessing. i respect you. thank you. internationally recognized as an iconic landmark @trumptowerny beams over fifth avenue. with 250m of renovations trump int l dcs 250 expansive guest rooms will be dc s top offering of amenities & views. success depends...on how effectively you learn to manage the game s two ultimate adversaries: the course and yourself. - @jacknicklaus. las vegas most elite destination @trumplasvegas has 64 stories of golden glass & offers ultimate luxury. my friend derek is a special athlete and special person--there is nobody like him. @yankees. @selbyke: @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas stayed last month great time great service great pool & great view of the strip from room! can you believe we still have not gotten our marine out of mexico. he sits in prison while our president plays golf and makes bad decisions! i wonder if i run for president will the haters and losers vote for me knowing that i will make america great again? i say they will! the animal who beheaded the woman in oklahoma should be given a very fast trial and then the death penalty. the same fate - beheading? @maryhukill: just bought at macy s my 2014 installment of your shirts for christmas! gorgeous colors this year! and fabric. @jefeclutch: @realdonaldtrump run for president. @chrisc skyward: enjoying looking over the water from your chicago hotel with my wife on our 5th anniversary. great place! @katiedaviscourt: i am totally voting for @realdonaldtrump if he runs for president!! thanks. @stephennolan: i rarely get star struck - but i ve just interviewed donald trump for @bbc5live yeeeehaaaaa. i will be on @foxandfriends monday morning at 7.00. a lot to talk about! i will be releasing the full interview with a guy named baxter @antbaxter only to show the bias and stupidity of him and @bbcworld. clowns! @besttquotes : when somebody challenges you fight back. be brutal be tough.donald trump true! @motivationideas: sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. donald trump. @rockchristopher: i wasnt satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a statement. donald trump. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends hope you announce that you re running for president! you d get my vote! every time i speak of the haters and losers i do so with great love and affection. they cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up! i will be doing @foxandfriends at 7.00 15 minutes . .@charlierymergc charlie call me - we ll set up a match with gary and damon. doral now finished and doing great! @bitchclassyboss: how i wish mr trump would write more books. so in love with his books. i am now writing the art of the deal part ii. @geomac24: interesting reports emerging after our no vote that soapy kept from us. among them windfarms slashed property value by 12. @joelledoucette: @realdonaldtrump finally! someone who gets what is really going on in this country! please consider fixing it! #2016. @jamcolley: we need to put aside partisan politics and realise the greatest thing we can do is work together to get mr.t elected president. some jerk fraudulently tweeted that his parents said i was a big inspiration to them pls rtout of kindness i retweeted. maybe ill sue. i thought i was being nice to somebody re their parents. i guess this teaches you not to be nice or trusting. sad! .@mcilroyrory what a year it has been for you -- and this weekend topped it off. fantastic job see u at doral. .@justinrose99 the display you put on this weekend was unprecedented. even the best putters couldn t believe it. you re amazing. see u soon. .@ianjamespoulter great going and almost as importantly your clothing line is selling well! .@westwoodlee great going this weekend. you are a true champion! .@graeme mcdowell you are the toughest guy there is. if you were a boxer youd be the champ. great going! .@montgomeriefdn your commentary this weekend was fantastic. people love what you say and how you say it. patrick reedwe are proud to have you as our champion at doral. love the attitude & the play. see you in march at the cadillac wgc. johnny millergreat job this weekend. most insightful and tough. see you at doral. @21stcenturyash @realdonaldtrump @trumptowerny and last time i was there it was immaculately clean too very important. @000hermansjr000 @hotelied @trumpchicago never ceases to amaze. trump is the int l brand that never settles for less than the best thanks. via @horsetalknz: nys central park horse show a huge success. @joeyssmyth @realdonaldtrump played turnberry ailsa today it was awesome good job. inside donald trump s scottish golf course via @telegraphsport. must watch for all georgians @perduesenates new ad secure our border michelle nunn supports amnesty & obamacare. runaway obamacare spending will cost democrats via @bloombergview by @lanheechen. obama:i will destroy isis obama: if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan. interesting case from uk re @stellacreasy and abusive troll. jeanne shaheen wants amnesty for illegals placed the deciding vote for obamacare & opposes the 2nd amendment. vote her out in november! @irishfoodtrail @r47r we were at the trump int l a few weeks ago it s one of the best hotels i ve ever stayed in for many reasons thanks. @cortneykahrs:why should mr.trump know who two random people are. he s a celebrity. he gets a ton of tweets and was just trying to be nice. @tizrobbie: what a stunning hotel! great work! @realdonaldtrump thank you! it wasn t only that obama saluted a marine with a cup of coffee in his hand but why the hell does he have to exit a heli holding coffee? @ ian: i saw donald trump on lifestyles of the rich and famous when i was 4.that man must of had a drink - fountain of youth. 36 hrs central park as seen in @nytimes including a stop @trumpnewyork for a bite in @nougatine nyc. full article. our views trump the rest for the #thanksgiving #macysparade. stay @trumpnewyork for exclusive parade access. excited to see @sixteenchicagos elevated fine dining explored by @usatoday @10best! i ve realized that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. nothing less. get out there and go for it. keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. via @newsmax media by @wandacarruthers: trump: inconceivable obama didn t know about isis threat. everything in dubai : learn from emirate s rebound says @donaldtrumpjr via @emirates247 by @parag1301. fact--obama does not read his intelligence briefings nor does he get briefed in person by the cia or dod. too busy i guess! success seems to be connected with action. successful people keep moving. they make mistakes but they don t quit. - conrad hilton. president obama should stay out of the hong kong protests we have enough problems in our own country!can t even properly police white house. here we go! i stated long ago that we should cancel all flights from west africa. now we have ebola in u.s. and it will only get worse! @chasehassey: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! please run. no one will defeat you. thank you! how dumb is our president to send thousands of poorly trained and ill-equipped soldiers over to west africa to fight ebola. stop all flights. the united states must immediately institute strong travel restrictions or ebola will be all over the united states-a plague like no other! @kimgt15: @realdonaldtrump run for president! save us! @nan imburgia: @realdonaldtrump why is it o makes absolutely no sense while donald trump makes perfect sense!!! @anthony01286381: @realdonaldtrump wtg @realdonaldtrump for president i vote for u. @ab8tn: @realdonaldtrump our troops are trained to put a 7.62mm through a fleas ass from 1000m not fight a virus. @carnivoreking: @realdonaldtrump we can t just stop flights. it might offend the west africans and we can t do that! @jamaface: @realdonaldtrump thank you! exactly! @jp worldwide: @realdonaldtrump no common sense in washington. @brandotut: @realdonaldtrump calls a spade a spade would be a breathe of fresh air in washington. @wethepol: @realdonaldtrump @nan imburgia trump for president! ! please!!! @theintensity: the worst part is the apathy the administration has for informing the public of timely info about ebola @realdonaldtrump. @adrianatarsia: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being the voice of reason! @popated: @tnsmilin @realdonaldtrump and the military doesn t have a heck of a lot of respect for him either. @drizzydan : the u.s. needs @realdonaldtrump at this moment thank you. @calebccooper reading donaldtrump s the art of the deal for my entrepreneurship class. so many cool stories and business lessons to learn. @khachfehadi: @realdonaldtrump #trumpforpresident. @morgan sux: hey everyone! just found an awesome twitter account that you should check out!!! it s called @realdonaldtrump very cool. @lexitb1993: we seriously need @realdonaldtrump for president. # trumpforpresident. @andrewl1234: .@realdonaldtrump i m pulling an all nighter in the library studying so i can hopefully do half as much as you one day great. @jrhennessy: there s only one man i d trust to fight isis. that s right: @realdonaldtrump good choice thanks. the woman who is the secret service director looks like she is way over her head.why can t the president appoint the best and the brightest? stop flights into the u.s. from west africa immediately! how is abc television allowed to have a show entitled blackish ? can you imagine the furor of a show whiteish ! racism at highest level? @lee turton can you buy @realdonaldtrump merchandise in the uk or do you ship world wide? cheers go to to order. @rwdf1 @realdonaldtrump they are planning on building windturbines near turnberry golf course on knoweside hill not without a fight! rated #1 resort in europe by @cntraveler @trump ireland offers breathtaking golf & the 5 star lodge at doonbeg. our national security starts at the border. do you think isis & al-qaeda are just in the middle east? obama can attend a fundraiser every day but cant be bothered to get briefed on national security. commander-in-chief?! we have millions in our country unemployed yet we are wasting millions arming syrian rebels. what is wrong with washington?! designed by @ivankatrump @trumpdorals deluxe guestrooms feature impeccable furnishing and details. a @aahs5star diamond & green star diamond award winner @trumpgolfla is the nations top public course. @spidermonkex: i love @realdonaldtrump. @successcoaching: rt @realdonaldtrump success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world except money. - johnny cash. @lynn4596: i seriously admire @realdonaldtrump watching his show celebrity apprentice was my inspiration to do well as a kid great. @murray87james: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to my wedding at turnberry 2mo! ur staff has been amazing! it will be fantastic! @naijaflyingdr: @realdonaldtrump is one of my fav.entrepreneurs of all time thank you. ebola is much easier to transmit than the cdc and government representatives are admitting. spreading all over africa-and fast. stop flights. i just arrived at trump national doral in miami where i ll spend the day checking work just completed by contractors. this place is amazing! the brand new hotel at trump national doral has the most beautiful rooms and suites in miami. enjoy! the ebola patient who came into our country knew exactly what he was doing. came into contact with over 100 people.here we go-i told you so! how incompetent are our leaders allowing these ebola infected people to come into our country with all of the problems and danger entailed! ebola patient duncan lied on his exit papers by saying he never came into contact with a person with ebola. he knew he did and person died. saw michael jordan and ray allen today playing golf at trump national doral the blue monster. great guys! @not that actor prediction: things will be so bad in post-obama us that trump will be swept into white house in 16. @not that actor wow andy such amazing writing and thought. thank you! really interesting president obama was quick to shut down flights to isreal but is totally unwilling to shut down flights from west africa! @hancockfinance. mr trump is the best worldleader#empirebuilding #downtoearthbillionaire hope to one day see even a fraction of your succes. @donaldtrumphub: arizona cardinal darnell dockett mogul donald trump tweet same message ... i was playgiarized! @donaldtrumphub: arizona cardinal darnell dockett mogul donald trump tweet same message ... i will not sue darnell. @lagalaxy: #tbt: donald trump meets a very uncomfortable-looking @landondonovan in 2006. #thanksld. @forbes: donald trump s 1987 the art of the deal spent 45 wks on the new york times bestseller list: #forbes400. @thr: donald trump: abc s black-ish title is racist. @calfofgod: @realdonaldtrump #donaldforpresident. @drugfreeblayde: @realdonaldtrump is one of the smartest men in america... put him in the office. so true thanks! @valeveretts: obama isn t smart enough to identify what the best and brightest would look like. please run for potus. we need you. @masterbaxter8: @realdonaldtrump great minds never stop. such qualities make great leaders and fantastic decision makers. #trump2016. @ricolodean: @realdonaldtrump i pray that one day my country will wake up and see that you are the leader we need. please run in 2016. @damienduplantis: @realdonaldtrump for president. @calfofgod: @realdonaldtrump you are the smartest man in america. why aren t you president. who needs obama? we need you! please run!! #trumpadvice. can you believe that president obama still hasn t stopped the flights and people pouring into the u.s. from west africa. terrible president! if ebola is so non-contagious how come an nbc cameraman caught it so quickly while over in west africa? u.s. is behaving very foolishly! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump my advice: run for president! this ebola patient thomas duncan who fraudulently entered the u.s. by signing false papers is causing havoc. if he lives prosecute! something very important and indeed society changing may come out of the ebola epidemic that will be a very good thing: no shaking hands! @fredsmith433: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. president obama - close down the flights from ebola infected areas right now before it is too late! what the hell is wrong with you? president obama i have an idea! pretend that west africa is israel and then you will be able to stop the ebola area flights. @wdobrovich: @realdonaldtrump we really need a person like you to lead our country #trump2016. @x victoria97: @realdonaldtrump should be president.. @robertundefined: this is where @realdonaldtrump needs to be the president. the jets just don t have it. time for a quarterback change! i don t know what it is but i m getting totally bored watching nfl football. too many penalties and far too soft! t.v. off and back to work. what the hell is obama doing in allowing all of these potentially very sick people to continue entering the u.s.! is he stupid or arrogant? i m not going to be watching much nfl football anymore. too time consuming too boring too many flags and too soft. focus on other things! i will be on fox & friends @foxandfriends at 7.00. fighting ebola will be a topic! @umpirerobert: @realdonaldtrump is this one yours?? #nyc #soho yes it s called trump soho! @joshhobson: hey the sign looks good this morning! see it everyday as i work around the corner at southcom. do you think crooked @agschneiderman will ever challenge the nfl tax status? notoo many friends and contributors in @nfl? congrats @janineturner on new book a little bit vulnerable you re a breath of fresh air in the political forum. .@scotgolfpodcast work has not yet begun. we re in the approval phase. it will be amazing. you will love the final result. via @dailycaller by @neilmunrodc: trump wants ebola travel ban. @donaldjtrumpjr: we want to build everything in dubai via @cwo dotcom. donald trump to crown @fiu as miss universe venue via @miamiherald. via @footwearnews by @kristenmhenning: @ivankatrump works to beat breast cancer. trump to campaign for @stevekingia via @kscj1360. i will be on on the record @gretawire tonight at 7 pm. obama has missed 58 of his intelligence briefings. but our president does make 100 of his fundraisers. @rzcarlsonruth: @realdonaldtrump just saw you on greta.... love listening to you speak. i have so much respect for you. thank you! @janineturner: @realdonaldtrump your appearance on #gretawire tonight was refreshing to hear! so much common sense!@gretawire. @dameechriebl: just saw your interview with @gretawire. mr. trump just run for president you d be surprised to learn we all agree with you! despite the ever increasing ebola disaster obama refuses to stop flights from west africa.it s almost like he s saying f-you to u.s. public. @vinnie vegas 76:donald why don t you run for president. if you run the usa like you run your businesses the usa would be a better place. @scott marx: @realdonaldtrump i agree 100 ! please run for president and save this country! #trump2016. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump we need a real leader. we need trump. thanks. @dundee tam: @realdonaldtrump @dollymund yes mr. trump please run for the oval office and help bring the usa back to prominence. i can t believe mitch mcconnell isn t way up in the kentucky polls. massive seniority brings so much power and status to state. brings k. s. kentucky has a chance to have the senate majority leader mitch mcconnell representing it in washington. big power for state. don t blow it. @lizuli fitness:i really hope you run for president. your rts abt u being next pres have my hopes up! please do our country a favor & run. @mattyhdot: @realdonaldtrump when you re right you re right. if you were president i would feel a whole lot better. #trump2016. @pga4terry: @realdonaldtrump please become potus and make our nation great again! just put in ad for a real estate executive: hard work low pay mean boss! congratulations @jean georgesnyc for 10 years of 3 #michelinstars! visit the restaurant in @trumpnewyork for a meal youll never forget. @stevemck6abc promo for tonight w @realdonaldtrump @6abc i left years ago but still interesting--all about timing. looking forward to being @trumpsoho this evening for corporate meeting planners reception for trump national doral @trumpdoral. via @cnnmoney by @aaronsmithcnn: the donald wins. trump name coming off casino. my @gretawire int. on leon panetta s critique of obama ebola rise of isis obama s lack of common sense & 2016. usmc andrew tahmooressi should be freed immediately. he never should have been jailed in the first place. weak leaders. #freeourmarine. via @ibdeditorials: most americans label obama presidency a failure. be sure to enjoy the 50th anniversary chicago international film festival at @trumpchicago the windy citys top hotel! when will mayor vescio and manager zegarelli repave pine road in @briarcliffmanor? it is a disgrace! real estate taxes are far too high @briarcliffmanor westchester. a total joke how they waste money! replace mayor vescio. via @newsmax media by @owentew: trump: maybe something miraculous happens and obama will succeed. i was relentless because more often than you would think sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. never give up! @moviesharkd: must see interview! jim gardner one on one - donald trump - full inte: @6abc @jim gardner. @moviesharkd: terrific and insightful interview with @realdonaldtrump by @jim gardner!! great piece jim! great info and candor donald! obama is looking like an incompetent fool in the handling of the war against.isis! why isn t china and russia helping - they gain so much! @ja: waldorf astoria s sale & 7 iconic new york hotels @fortunemagazine congrats donaldtrump! @scottgumbleton: trump int l golf links scotland voted best course on the planet by american academy of hospitality sciences. work underway on first new trump course in dubai second course in planning via @cybergolfnews. obamacare premiums continue to rise and bend up the cross curve. and the back-end of the website does not even work. isis is advancing even against obamas airstrikes. obama is disengaged and making the middle east even more dangerous. today s put-off objectives reduce tomorrow s achievements. - henry banks. stop the flights! vancouvers most anticipated hotel & residences @trumpvancouver will unveil canadas first mar-a-lago spa. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump was right on ebola. my @6abc int. with @jim gardner on atlantic city philadelphias real estate market & 2014 2016 elections. via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: @stevekingia ramps up with first tv ad trump event. china has just overtaken us as the worlds largest economy. we are busy wasting s while china builds airports & skyscrapers. the fight against isis starts at our border. at least 10 isis have been caught crossing the mexico border. build a wall! any american who fights with isis should have their passport revoked. take them to gitmo for interrogation. @hmunjal: donaldtrump: via @amspec by jeffrey lord: donald trump was right on ebola the donald is always right! @nicolabarbolini: playing at trump los angeles! amazing round of golf in the best course in west coast! unforgettable ocean view! @safirepublicity: @realdonaldtrump will you please run for president ??????? you ve got our vote! thanks. @alextice23: @realdonaldtrump @safirepublicity i know he would make a great president. he makes decisive decisions daily very sucessful. @otcgiant: @realdonaldtrump our country s leaders should have listened to you. thanks to them ebola is now a household name in america. can you believe this fool dr. thomas frieden of cdc just stated anyone with fever should be asked if they have been in west africa dope. obama stop the flights to and from west africa now - before it is too late! can t you see what s happening? can you be that thick stupid ? @godchick83: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! @smwalkerbait: @realdonaldtrump please run for president... @f9d5l: part of being a winner is knowing when enough is enough by @realdonaldtrump. @eveningexpress: aberdeenshire s first five-star hotel revealed @realdonaldtrump the best! @rupertsuren: @realdonaldtrump @crazycatkid us airport staff should strike if flights to & from affected countries do not stop. @ceg72kevin: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for presidentthat would be a real wake up call to the world would be a great president thanks. @houseofwolf187: @realdonaldtrump if donald trump runs for potus 2016 he d have my vote! @economicgeek13: @smwalkerbait yes please run for president - i said that ages ago while he was at a conference in sydney australia. @acmarcuswenzel: @realdonaldtrump @godchick83 donald would be the right guy for the usa. i agree. @jackshallis: donald trump for president @realdonaldtrump. even jimmy carter just released a statement saying that obama doesn t have a clue. that has to be a new low! @cbauer747: @houseofwolf187 motivate: why everyone wants mr trump for president? because he s outspokenclever and has business savvy? in a little reported event china has just overtaken the united states as the number one world economic power! great going washington! the u.s. is spending fortunes at airports checking people coming in from west africa with uncertain results. stop the flights you dumb b s! the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. walt disney. right now 4000 u.s. troops are stupidly heading to west africa to help fight ebola.no help from china russia or wealthy african oil nations. #trumpvlog will our brave soldiers catch ebola? great news from irelandclare county council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel & golf course in doonbeg. i have to admit @alexsalmond is a tough smart guy. he is formidable by any standard! my golf club @trumpnationalny in westchester a great place! congratulations to @piersmorgan on his new position as editor-at-large for the united states of @mailonline! my apprentice champ! via @mediaite by forza desiderio: donald trump blasts obama on ebola: why are you sending troops? obama wont send troops to fight jihadists yet sends them to liberia to contract ebola. he is a delusional failure. the cdc chief just said ebola is spreading faster than aids. marines are preparing for a pandemic drill. stop all flights from west africa! the residential real estate market continues to provide opportunities for first time home owners. buy now if you can! china is ripping wealth out africa and yet as usual refuses to put anything back to help with ebola. let the stupid americans do it! sad. @brasscojones10: @realdonaldtrump i m at the trump doral for an environmental law conference. very impressed all around. great. @dscroggins3: @realdonaldtrump please run for president in 2016. tens of millions of dollars in airstrikes had no impact because key leaders fled after hearing on news reports the strikes were coming. dumb. i feel sorry for the 4000 soldiers who are being forced to go the west africa to fight ebola. their families are up in arms. not trained. @tpm: donald trump tells fox why he doesn t trust obama on ebola: benghazi! if you are interested in balancing work and pleasure you will never succeed! @tmz: donald trump teaches miss pennsylvania a million dollar lesson. @breitbartnews: donald trump: obama stupid or arrogant for not instituting ebola travel ban: on sunday. @breitbartnews: donald trump chuck todd agree: no trust of feds handling ebola because of obama admin scandals:. obama is making the ebola problem much worse than it needs to be in the u.s. by not halting flights from west africa. airport testing a joke. seal the deal! hold your business meeting at the luxurious @trumpnewyork executive board room. obamacare puts poor people on a form of government run single-payer health insurance that many doctors don t take - @avik. lightweight @agschneiderman the worst attorney general in the us is in a tough election with john cahill @cahillforag. lightweight @agschneiderman will probably win only because he is a dem in ny but what a loser! .@agschneiderman should remove his eyeliner as pointed out by cuomo when he does his commercials! #trumpvlog why are we the sad suckers? via @theinquisitr: americans agree with donald trump 58 percent want flights banned from ebola outbreak countries. via @clarechampion by @dandanahernews: wind farm proposal near @trump ireland rejected. sweat equity is the most valuable equity there is. know your business and industry better than anyone else in the world. @mcuban. the only reason i bid on @buffalobills was to make sure they stayed in buffalo where they belong. mission accomplished. the @nfl ratings continue to fall every week and will keep dropping. boring games--too many flags--too soft! wow. @nfl ratings are down big league. glad i didn t get the bills. rather be lucky than good. obama: i will control ebola. obama: if you like your health care plan you can keep your healthcare plan. @maxinerunner: @senscottbrown served in army nationalguard for 35 yrs with honor & will serve #nhpolitics the same! @motherjones: jon stewart would have been a terrible host of meet the press. @rramz1979: @realdonaldtrump why don t you run for us president? watch. @theovynalek: @realdonaldtrump nothing like downtown chicago! great building and sign! @rainedevries: @realdonaldtrump @rramz1979 this #dallas girl would vote for you! thank you. @cgrubb85: @realdonaldtrump got my vote! only one with common sense! so true thanks. @cgrubb85: if @realdonaldtrump doesn t run we are screwed #trump2016. do you notice that because of ebola isis etc. obamacare has gone to the back burner despite horrible results coming out. a disaster! @krismichaelboy: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president issues in the united states could be resolved. he has my vote! #trump2016. @dejr7: @realdonaldtrump don t keep us in suspense r u running for pres? you will know very soon thanks! @michaelsad6: @realdonaldtrump its time to put a wharton grad in the white house! #trump2016 that is true! @ricolodean: mr.trump if you don t run i will honestly consider moving out of the country. without your leadership we are in big trouble. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @cgrubb85 amen! run mr trump! i will vote for you! @leonapel: some of my favorite entrepreneurs: @jcventer @peterdiamandis @elonmusk @peterthiel and @richardbranson @realdonaldtrump. @kangdedy ri 1: @realdonaldtrump donald you are my best inspiration to be successful. @ericleebow: @realdonaldtrump will vote for you if you run. thanks. @ericleebow: @realdonaldtrump will vote for you if you run. @sayyid khamenei: @realdonaldtrump @ericleebow donald trump is highly suited to be president of u.s. nice. @achockeyhistory: @realdonaldtrump walked past your building in vancouver today...going up very fast...will add some style to vancouver. @bgambalie: @realdonaldtrump if you run for pres you will automatically win no doubt. #trump2016 thanks but nothing is easy. @mitchryanrocks: please run for office. this country needs ur leadership knowledge n passion. also i d love to be a part of ur team! @michaelsad6: @tonymission @saran arsh @realdonaldtrump i think trump vs clinton would be huge. @ricolodean: @chibdm @realdonaldtrump he has the right business skills to lead our country back to the top. @hattie 42: @realdonaldtrump. a real businessman would lower taxes & remove some 3000 restrictions on businesses. go donald!! @blakehoagland: as one of my life-long role models & someone i ve looked up to in every aspect of life you have my vote mr. trump! @jeremyburns: i m voting for trump in 2016. we need someone with his kind of amazing business sense to turn this country around #trump2016. @harryfinnimore: @realdonaldtrump @ericleebow same here.. run so we get someone in the office that knows what s really going on. @geebilz: if @realdonaldtrump runs for office he has my vote. @tegodreaux: whew finally off of work...i ll say it again..trump 2016.because nobody loves america more than donald trump. #1. @schaeferpg: @realdonaldtrump @geebilz am a donald trump follower we need anybody other than the idiot we have and trump would be the best. @sinnon7: see inside @realdonaldtrump s five star scottish hotel via @travelmail words by @sinnon7. @oforsyth: @realdonaldtrump i m from the uk and even i m voting for donald! trump trump trump! i m moving to america! @ray chipendo: we are able to do certain things only because we do not know they are impossible. donald trump. i ve never seen anything like it everything he touches turns to gold! so nice a quote by fred c.trump about his son donald me! . isn t it ridiculous starting today new ebola screenings go into effect for people coming from west africa. just stop the flights dummies! michelle obama made a terrible mistake in iowa. when endorsing bruce braley before a large crowd she called him bruce bailey seven times. if a conservative republican made the mistake that mrs. obama just made by calling braley by the wrong name it would be the biggest story! remember when i said when saddam hussein fell - the new leader of iraq will be meaner and tougher and hate the u.s. even more. welcome isis! @billyhaze: great interview tuesday past with jim gardner must be a breath of fresh air speaking with such a well respected journalist. @realalexgiles: my favorite building in chicago @realdonaldtrump thanks. president obama now bring our 4000 innocent and ill-trained soldiers home from west africa before it is too late and stop the flights! here we go - a healthcare worker who treated thomas duncan the man who flew into the u.s. from west africa infected with ebola caught it! i don t know if president obama isn t stopping the flights from ebola torn west africa because he is stubborn stupid or just doesn t care! @ihunt88: i think it s about time @realdonaldtrump stands up and announces he s running for president. @trucksellr2007: 150 travelers arriving daily in the u.s. from the ebola hot zones of west africa? this is insanity! #stoptheflights. @m forese: @realdonaldtrump we need a leader with the business smarts along with mental strength to run this country such as you! i agree! @taylorjeffrey1: @realdonaldtrump @ihunt88 yes please do we need somebody with a head on their shoulders & knows how to use it. @bettylovesdogs: @realdonaldtrump @ihunt88 never gonna happen-i d like it too but he won t run keep watching! i will be on fox & friends tomorrow morning at 7.00. ebola and isis will be topics. are nfl games getting boring or is it just my magnificent imagination? in any event i m just not watching them much anymore! .@foxandfriends in 15 minutes! @rojeezee: @realdonaldtrump you re so in demand in the media but what we really need is you in demand at the white house #donaldforprez. @michele 1l : @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends well anyway....give em hell on the flight ban to ebola regions. @wizkay46: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends salute you sir thank you. @drjamescabot: donald you re so handsome... i can speak... paltrow loser... trump 2016 rock n roll back in the oval not paltrow. @yod bagholders: @realdonaldtrump trump 4 president! close the boarders and protect our children! @bestbergerever: i agree with everything @realdonaldtrump said on @foxandfriends this morning. put this man in the white house! @coxdanimal: @realdonaldtrump trump for president #2016. wow china exports rise 15 in september. they are laughing at usa! the people of buffalo should be happy terry pegula got the team but i hope he does better w the bills than he has w the sabres. good luck! even though i refused to pay a ridiculous price for the buffalo bills i would have produced a winner. now that wont happen. the @nfl games are so boring now that actually im glad i didnt get the bills. boring games too many flags too soft! think of this: after we spent 2 trillion on iraq baghdad is about to be taken over by isis. trump int l golf links scotland awarded 5 star status by scottish tourism chiefs. via mailonline. just finished reading a poorly written & very boring book on the general motors building by vicky ward. waste of time! @wileybiz. happy belated birthday to chris wallace! chris does a great job every week on @foxnewssunday. like father like son. #trumpvlog china is laughing at u.s. the military generals are fuming at obama. he has boxed them in against isis with a strategy that is destined to fail. sad! awarded 5 stars by @visitscotland @trumpscotlands macleod house & lodge boutique hotel is an historic masterpiece. if alison grimes cant admit she voted for obama even if she is embarrassed then you cant trust her! vote @team mitch! if you never want to be criticized for goodness sake don t do anything new. -- jeff bezos. can you believe thatwith all of the problems and difficulties facing the u.s. president obama spent the day playing golf.worse than carter. as isis and ebola spread like wildfire the obama administration just submitted a paper on how to stop climate change aka global warming . @hotelchatter: it s five stars for donald trump s scottish hotel:. so many problems in the u.s. and leadership that is hopeless...and now on top of everything else we just hit 18 trillion in debt! @bestbergerever: mr @realdonaldtrump has a vlog where he says things u don t wanna hear. but i learned he speaks the truth #trump4prez! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump china wouldn t be laughing at president trump. so true! @therealzach49: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016. we can t have another obama. @katielevan9: i love @realdonaldtrump finally someone who gets it. @tommya 22: @realdonaldtrump has no filter. he says what needs to be said because no one else will say it. @nassarinvesting: @realdonaldtrump for president! the only fighting chance this country has left. @barackobama hasn t done shit. @are jay sea: we need donaldtrump in the white house in 2016. someone w o political agenda & who just wants to make our country great again. @bobdaytgas: @nassarinvesting @barackobama i would walk barefoot and naked on a mile of broken glass n snakes to cast my vote for trump! if you want more you have to require more from yourself. -- dr. phil mcgraw. congratulations to @trumpdoral s #bluemonster course for being named one of the 10 toughest courses on tour this year. alison grimes will protect the sanctity of her obama ballot yet admits she voted for hillary in primary. hypocrite. vote @team mitch! we pay for obama s travel so he can fundraise millions so democrats can run on lies. then we pay for his golf. michelle nunn will be a solid vote for obama. she supports obamacare & opposes 2nd amendment. vote for @perduesenate to change things! it s tuesday. @agschneiderman is wearing revlon eyeliner today. governor cuomo alerted all to this. @einsteincassidy: donald trump s scottish hotel awarded five-star rating . @felixs: donald trump s golf resort awarded five-star status by scottish chiefs after us tycoon spends millions restoring historic mansion. @crroussos: @realdonaldtrump you were 100 spot on about the judge in the oscar pistorius trial. complete and utter moron. obama still refuses to stop the flights. is he stubborn or just plain incompetent - i say both! president obama has a personal responsibility to visit & embrace all people in the us who contract ebola! john @cahillforag is one of the most respected people in politics. dopey @agschneiderman is one of the least respected! lightweight @agschneiderman is driving business & jobs out of ny. only wants self publicitya total loser! my @amtalker int. on @whoradio w @stevekingia discussing my upcoming campaign visit for steve this sat. in iowa. via @stevekingias steve king for congress facebook page: donald trump has a special announcement! looking forward to returning to the hawkeye state this saturday to support my friend and strong conservative @stevekingia! via @newsmax media by @wandacarruthers: trump: baghdad likely to fall to isis. congratulations to @david bossie & his team @citizens united on their important court win for the first amendment! our president could not make a proper website with 5b. the website still does not work. how can we feel safe about ebola?! young entrepreneurs always remember in negotiations that sometimes the best deal you make is the one you walk away from. there s nothing like fall in #newyorkcity. see where @trumpcollection recommends you take in the season s beauty:. the donald j. trump signature collection available @macys offers this falls top styles in ties shirts & suits. i dont think you should ever run from history. you should learn from it and embrace it. -@laclippers coach doc rivers. @fox5kyle @realdonaldtrump @macys your ties are the best hands down! thank you! with all of the words president obama just dispensed at his press conference he didn t say what we all want to hear i ll stop the flights. a nurse in dallas who treated ebola patient thomas duncan was allowed to fly to cleveland.she should never have been so allowed! the real jv. i can t believe that mitt romney would run for president again. he had his chance and blew it in the last weeks of the race. i just had a great victory against lightweight a.g. eric schneiderman. most of his case re trump u. was thrown out or gutted. little remains. @cdlavie: @realdonaldtrump we knew he had no case against trump u. i have no complaints about the products i bought. thanks! @thereddotguy: @realdonaldtrump republican debates would be interesting with you. @robertpatrickmc: @realdonaldtrump @thereddotguy trumps 10000 better then @mittromney even if he s not from utah. @mark brown pe: a great man once said don t tell me how hard a job is going to be tell me how hard it was when you are finished! @nicolebnagy: donald trump should really consider running for president. he certainly has his head on right! @realdonaldtrump. @dubd42: @realdonaldtrump for president! @nikkio: almost only counts in horse-shoes. he had to know statue of limitations was in play - yet he wasted tax payer s anyway? fool ag. it is time for the airline pilots flight attendants and the airlines themselves to stop flights to and from west africa. do it right now! i am starting to think that there is something seriously wrong with president obama s mental health. why won t he stop the flights. psycho! @periodpride: the most successful people are the people that had the right idea but never ever quit or gave up! @realdonaldtrump. @triplemmom: @realdonaldtrump @iamerunbe african nations r restricting air travel from each other....is that racist? @reidtoth: @realdonaldtrump for president thank you. @vin7768: @realdonaldtrump is an inspirational man!! so nice thanks! the ebola nurse should never have been allowed to fly to cleveland and amazing back again. nothing works in our once great country anymore. read about my victory against sleazebag @agschneiderman. more people should fight when theyre right! my @stevedeaceshow interview discussing ebola obamas incompetence & my trip to iowa for @stevekingia on sat. i watched russell brand @rustyrockets on the @jimmyfallon show the other nightwhat the hell do people see in russella major loser! .@katyperry must have been drunk when she married russell brand @rustyrockets but he did send me a really nice letter of apology! great @foxsports art. by @jillpainter on doc rivers annual golf charity event @trumpgolfla. doc is a great friend! .@katyperry katy what the hell were you thinking when you married loser russell brand. there is a guy who has got nothing going a waste! .@katyperry i watched russell brand and i think his mind is fried - he looks really bad. russell is a total joke a dummy who is lost! looks like obama will not stop the very potentially dangerous flights to and from west africa. what the hell is wrong with this guy? @careytim6: hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president in 2016..... #trump2016. @kingbronko: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump please run for president in 2016! please! @ marygirl17: @realdonaldtrump mr trump please run for potus in 2016! @bugsyfire: mr.t you were the first to call it right weeks ago regarding the ebola virus. not enough restrictions to get into the u.s. @us progress: .@realdonaldtrump for president! @newstalkfm: im going to invest a lot of money in ireland - @realdonaldtrump tells newstalk s @bobbykerr #ntfm. @calconroy: @realdonaldtrump you sir are an absolute legend! wow! @h5o dano: @realdonaldtrump we are on course of imploding as the once great roman empire did. @sheronsvg: @realdonaldtrump @calconroy time to bring back the apprentice mr. trump! the new season will be announced by nbc very soon! @jameranne: @realdonaldtrump if only donald trump could tell uobama he s fired the world would be a happier place. @jimmyray1972: @realdonaldtrump visited doonbeg shortly after ur purchase. really an exceptional course and resort. thanks! @mattyms: @realdonaldtrump it s my birthday today. the best present you can give me is to be my next president. happy birthday! @timmmo510: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump said this from the beginning. need real leadership #trump2016. @becka gill: @realdonaldtrump please do our country a favor and run for president. @donchymes: @realdonaldtrump is indeed a great manalways says his mind and stands for the truth not minding whose ox is gored. @medievalswan: @realdonaldtrump i love you just for that tweet! @katyperry. 3rd rate writer vicky ward who begged me for help- see her letters to me. i love seeing that graydon carter and @vanityfair are failing so badly. hes only focused on his bad food restaurants. very excited to be returning to iowa tomorrow to campaign for my friend & strong conservative leader @stevekingia! .@katyperry will do much better-. thank you piers for the wonderful article and also great writing. @piersmorgan. .@piersmorgan russell has nothing going for himself except for energy & aggression. without that he would be deada first class dummy! .@yusiddiqui @piersmorgan @rustyrockets i got much betterno contesti got melania! the new ebola czar will report to the wh & nsa adviser susan rice. more mismanagement & duplicity with cdc. obama is terrible executive. now michelle nunn will not admit she voted for obama. of course she did. nunn supports obamacare & is anti-second amendment. donald trump will be on pennsylvania avenue in 2016 & theres nothing you can do about it by @lilsarg. coming soon to pennsylvania avenue. via @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obama s incompetence. if you cant see it you cant make it happen. entrepreneurs chase your dreams with resolute focus & determination. be positive! obama just appointed an ebola czar with zero experience in the medical area and zero experience in infectious disease control. a total joke! @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump headed to iowa says ebola is further proof of obama s incompetence. 14 african nations have totally banned west africans from entering their nations. likewise many other nations. but the u.s. come on in. do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are being called racists? perhaps not! if i were president sgt. andrew tahmooressi would be let out of jail with one phone call. if notmexico would pay a price like never before! i m leaving for iowa now - will be great! @shanevanderhart: @realdonaldtrump in iowa: next president needs to be great not just good - #iagop #2016. @scottmedlin79: @realdonaldtrump run for president. we need someone who isn t scared to make the right calls. @shawnrss: @realdonaldtrump @shanevanderhart i vote for trump to make us all rich. good call. @ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump i bet you never heard this before: your hired. @sunglasspros: @realdonaldtrump @stevekingia good job donald! we need you to get more involved!!! way to go!! @beliywulf: @realdonaldtrump @ronmeier123 save america trump. @eeektoys: @realdonaldtrump @katyperry donald is onto something here. russ does look like a really bad lost dummy joke with a fried mind. @dreamhousex: donald trump s palm beach mansion which i turned into the greatest club in the world-many jobs! @aiiamer: famous brit inserted himself into russell brand donald trump feud - and chose a surprising side #wiunion. @mediaite: piers morgan inserts himself into donald trump vs. russell brand feud video. @johnnydollar01: and people zinged donald trump for talking about ebola. how is this klain guy any more qualified? actually less qualified. the lobbyist and political hack that president obama just appointed as the ebola czar just missed his first major meeting on ebola-a joke. do you believe obama just said that america would be less safe with a travel ban from west africa.this is the thinking of a total mad man! i just returned from iowa - what a beautiful state. the people are amazing and the event for congressman steve king was a great success! i will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00 - 45 minutes. talking about ebola obama and other strange u.s. happenings! @awakkentv: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! please save us man. @yankeerunner: i love mon mornings when t is on @foxandfriends as the voice of reason to tell it like it is&dispel another wk of obama lies. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump great interview dt! can t wait for next week! run for president! #trump2016. president obama has made one mistake after another for a very long time and the people of the united states are just plain tired of it! @stephaniewei: @realdonaldtrump playing trump ferry point this morning! looking forward to it. have a great time! @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump #presidenttrump2016 for sure! @gregazar: @realdonaldtrump donald trump calls out obama thank you for calling out this idiot! i was never a fan of bush in fact he was so bad he gave us obama! but obama is truly a pathetic excuse of a president can t get any worse. @timessquarehero: @realdonaldtrump please let donnie eric and ivanka run the empire for 4 years and #saveourcountry. its been stated that dopey ny @agschneiderman used cocaine while he was a state senator. .@agschneiderman must take a drug test immediatelymake results public. ny attorney general cannot be a cokehead. congrats to @trumpwaikiki for being named @orbitz best in stay elite award winner for oahu for 2014! congratulations to @trumpcollections @trumppanama for receiving the certificate of excellence & top 10 hotels in panama from @tripadvisor! via @dmregister by @kobradovich: donald trump: next president needs to be a great one. icymi you can watch my full press conference with @stevekingia on @shanevanderharts @caffthoughts. via @dmregister by @sharynjackson: trump: @stevekingia has the right views. via @scj by @rodboshart: trump: next president has to be great one. has everyone forgotten our marine who now sits in a mexican prison because we have a president too incompetent or too lazy to make a call? @marlenawells: #laguardia ranked as one of the worst #airports it needs @realdonaldtrump magic touch. so true what a mess! @petedicenso: @realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house!!!!! #trump2016 i agree thanks! @mrinho1: @orbitz @realdonaldtrump @trumpwaikiki looks like my kind of place d. trump. you are the man my friend thanks a great hotel. @midlandmainline @dmregister who else is as qualified as the donald it needs a man who makes thing happen there s only one - donald trump. @ashleymarie938: @realdonaldtrump: @awakkentv: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! please save us man omg yes bro! @amber sadler22: donald trump and mitt romney would be the most dynamic pres vp combo in history no bad chemistry - i like winning! @bkofleader: this is a must read for donald trump fans! he tells you how the real estate ... @evelynairey: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity i wish donald trump would run for president. @insidecablenews @ftvlive dream on. you have a better chance of time warner dumping jeff zucker than you do the media ignoring donald trump. @slisk2: @realdonaldtrump what we need is real change. what we need is donald trump #donaldtrumpforpresident. @habshappy: starting 2believe ujust may want 2run for presidency after-all. uknow what they say reach for the 50 stars we need change. @nikkio: donaldtrump: only way to get obama to do right for our marine would be for every country club across usa to deny him golf access. @burge: donaldtrump needs to run america like a business. do the dirty work that we don t need to hear about. make this country right again. oscar pistorius only gets five years in prison for killing his girlfriend. ridiculous decision! judge couldn t even read her own writings. wow one of the all-time greats in fashion oscar de la renta has just died at 82. great fashion achievements but also a really nice guy! oscar pistorious will likely only serve 10 months for the cold blooded murder of his girlfriend. another o.j. travesty.the judge is a moron! @mrkenbutler: donald you are without a doubt the only person who can correct the collision course obama has us on. please run in 2016! @bvlphonso: #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @northcutt2013: @realdonaldtrump @mrkenbutler no he can t and will not run. great man yes not worth the mud slinging don t be so sure! i will be in washington d.c. tomorrow to receive the 2014 joseph wharton award at the wharton club of d.c.a great honor! @wharton. obama will let ebola fly into us & drugrunners cross our border daily. but he won t pressure mexico on sgt. tahmooressi. #freeourmarine. dont believe kay hagan on ebola travel ban. she also promised that you would keep your healthcare plan under obamacare. vote @thomtillis! negotiation is an art. treat it like one. the u.s. accidentally air dropped a large shipment of military weapons and supplies right into the middle of isis as enemy laughs! very sad! the united states under president obama has truly become the gang that couldn t shoot straight. everything he touches turns to garbage! the united states troops which were sent to west africa have only gotten 4 hours of ebola training - very unfair to them and their families! @electric988: a smart powerful and successful man like donald trump would be the ideal president. we need you mr. trump! #trump2016. @alyssatomazin44: @realdonaldtrump seriously needs to run for president. @beyertristen: @realdonaldtrump a man of business and success please run for president and fix this country. @rrogers19: please save this country. @realdonaldtrump. if there is one more ebola case in the u.s. a full travel ban will be instituted. this common sense move should have been done long ago! why are we letting the three girls who left the u.s. to join isis back into the country? how stupid has our once respected country become! i m going to d.c. today to check on the hotel i m building on penn. ave. and then being honored by the wharton school of finance the best! ben bradlee was truly one of the greats. what an amazing life he led. my warmest condolences to dino & the whole family. #benbradlee. #trumpvlog south african justice-. later today im being honored at the park hyatt in washington d.c. by the wharton club. the joseph wharton award dinner. a great honor. an interesting cartoon that is circulating. if mitt romney were in the private sector & he suffered the horrendous loss of 2012 do you think hed rehire himself for 2016?i dont! via @reviewjournal event offers glimpse of trump high life by holly ivy dore great interview @erictrump! congratulations to @dloesch on the release of her great new book #handsoffmygun! check out @theblazebooks excerpt. via @mediaite by @evanmcmurry: trump calls @agschneiderman a cokehead schneiderman is by his own admission! dem candidates are all folks who vote with me. barack obama describing all democrat senate candidates. liberal sd dem candidate rick weiland wants to expand obamacare to single payer & opposes ebola travel ban. send @roundsforsenate to senate! alison grimes supports harsh restrictions to kill coal industry & supports obama s anti-gun legislation. vote @team mitch! #trumpvlog free our marine! @not that a @realdonaldtrump wearing a trump tie doesn t make you as smart a businessman as trump but it does make you look smart @macy s. tremendous pressure on president obama to institute a travel ban on ebola stricken west africa. at some point this stubborn dope will fold! @melaniatrump: washington dc nyc. @melaniatrump: good night washington d.c. @melaniatrump: my husband honored by the wharton school of finance. the joseph wharton award. congratulations!. @melaniatrump: #riposcardelarenta one of the greatest fashion designers of all time. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump run for president dt! save us! i know you can! @realtesswilson: @realdonaldtrump is the smartest businessman in america thank you. @ marryyy: @realdonaldtrump my first ever opportunity to vote needs to be a vote for u!!! runnnnnn. @princessdaytura: @realdonaldtrump @jennifer75ar lets do this!!! trump for president @ivankatrump @donaldtrump1946. @freidawashingt: @realdonaldtrump: i saw the ground breaking ceremony for your dc building. it was you and ivanka. @masterbaxter8: we desperately need someone that looks out for our great country. dropping supplies into enemy hands is inconceivable. @sleuthjen: @realdonaldtrump if you had one piece of advice for obama what would it be? to resign from office! @iadoreem: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump she would make a beautiful first lady so true! @andyjackson3212: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump very cool i love nyc. celebrate thanksgiving @trumpnewyork with exclusive viewing access to the 88th annual @macys thanksgiving parade. the pinnacle of the luxury public golf experience @trumpgolfla overlooking the pacific ocean in palos verdes. opening for the 2014 season soon the national register landmark mar-a-lago club is the crown jewel of palm beach. double digit premium increases because of obamacare. dems trying to delay showing numbers until after election but news is spreading fast! there is a good possibility that a person who treated patients in west africa and who flew into new york has ebola. touched many bedlam! if this doctor who so recklessly flew into new york from west africahas ebolathen obama should apologize to the american people & resign! ebola has been confirmed in n.y.c. with officials frantically trying to find all of the people and things he had contact with.obama s fault. i have been saying for weeks for president obama to stop the flights from west africa. so simple but he refused. a total incompetent! i never thought i d say it in my lifetime but president barack hussein obama aka barry sotoro is a far worse president than jimmy carter! president obama has a major meeting on the n.y.c. ebola outbreak with people flying in from all over the country but decided to play golf! president obama you are a complete and total disaster but you have a chance to do something great and important: stop the flights! @itbegins2012: @realdonaldtrump trump you are great - you speak your mind and should continue to do so. @bbcoachkk: @realdonaldtrump oh donald! i love you! @misskweenbree: @realdonaldtrump run for president! @nickjohns0n: @realdonaldtrump is my idol. @jbfansince2005: i love u @realdonaldtrump. the ebola doctor who just flew to n.y. from west africa and went on the subway bowling and dining is a very selfish man-should have known! #trumpvlog obama should be ashamed! canadian pm harper immediately called the ottawa attack terrorism. at least north america has a strong leader who lives in reality. via @breitbartnews by @j strong: obama administration quietly prepares surge of millions of new immigrant ids. michelle nunn supports amnesty a weak border & obamacare. she is an obama liberal. send dc an independent voice. vote @perduesenate! kay hagan profited off of the stimulus.she just skipped a debate. kay supports amnesty weak border & @thomtillis! saudis just cut oil supplymaking prices rise immediately while we are fighting isis for them what are we doing! there is zero margin for error on ebola. are we confident in obama when he cant even make a website for 5 billion? yesterday s home runs don t win today s games. babe ruth. @hommergsimpson: @realdonaldtrump please please think about running in 2016. @catpenis: @realdonaldtrump i respect your integrity sir. rock on. @gam: barackobama as one of your employers.. are you really just turning your back on isreal?? trump for #president i m rdy 4 change. @mickeybeaupre: @realdonaldtrump i wish you would run for president mr trump we need you god bless you. with all that is happening with ebola including the doctor who so easily came back to new york obama still refuses to stop the flights! i made a fortune in atlantic city got out years ago great timing and havn t been back in many years. i have nothing to do with a.c. yes i won the right to have my name taken off trump plaza in a.c. because it was not operated up to a very high standard and no involvement. i would absolutely consider investing in atlantic city again great and hard working people but much would have to change-taxes regs. etc. there are just so many penalties and such long commercials in these nfl games that they are no longer worth watching. soft hitting & boring! @pellscuse11: @realdonaldtrump did hillary really say businesses don t create jobs?! #trump2016. @zackkeighron: @realdonaldtrump should run for president. @tylerrice199: @mike riccardi @realdonaldtrump easily he is one of the most intelligent among america. he would win over hilary thanks! @riannarichards: this is why i agree with donald trump: they should ban flights from #ebola infected countries from entering the u.s. @melanyalvilla: @realdonaldtrump you are my role model such an amazing man. thank you. @thebingle: @realdonaldtrump @riannarichards donald trump said that before the virus made it to u.s. that s what i do! @realnickventi: i d vote for @realdonaldtrump way before i d vote for hillary. great! will be on @foxandfriends at 7.00. 30 minutes . a great deal to talk about including ebola quarantine. fox & friends going on now - enjoy! @jadamseden: @realdonaldtrump articulate & concise as ever leave it to trump to identify the clear & present economic enemy -mexico! @katlynne1994: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends power to this man!! he cares about this country. @moose taz: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump 1000 right about mexico agenda and impossible citizenship process god can t we wake up. @sfc17972: @realdonaldtrump on point as always! @theramenes: @foxandfriends good job @realdonaldtrump for not being afraid to speak truth that is what people need to hear is truth. @suelordbiz: great job on fox & friends this a.m. have a great week! thanks for shedding more light on the diseases fr. porous border! @kathzeh: @realdonaldtrump great job on @foxandfriends this morning!!! @bunnypiper: @realdonaldtrump right on!! @grandmanyca: @realdonaldtrump thanks for speaking up for sgt. andrew tahmooressi on @foxandfriends this morning. @freethemarine. @moose taz: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends income down and cost of living up for legal citizens of america yep this is obama america sad. @xoxo la la xoxo: @realdonaldtrump #trump4president ##trump2016 please run for president you can do so much good. @its a mum thing: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends totally agree. @southernlady551: @realdonaldtrump thank you for reminding everyone we need to #bringbackourmarine. #militarymonday. @dj dwain: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump. i truly enjoy your insite and opinions. please run for president the usa needs your leadership. @treesappp: @realdonaldtrump helluva job donald i expected nothing less. speaking ur mind in this country is becoming extinct. i wonder how officials @texastech feel now after treating coach mike leach with so little respect after their loss to @tcufootball 82-27? thank you @tweetbypremier for selecting the ocean view suite @trump ireland as one of your top 10 suites. .@jetsetterdotcom in hong kong featured 8 pages on my great hometown of new york city including @trumpsoho. 6 @trumpcollection hotels made @cntraveler readers choice! @trumpnewyork @trumpsoho @trumpchicago @trumptoronto @trumppanama @trump ireland. congratulations @trump ireland for being named #12 resort in europe by the @cntraveler #readerschoice2014 awards! with our 250m in renovations @trumpdoral offers a wide array of courses restored to perfection. achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. don t waste time treading water. @fapyvaquzoci: enough politicians! we need a business man to get this country back on track! @realdonaldtrump for prez 2016! @jamesdriscolli: definitely true #success @realdonaldtrump. @leroyal pegasus: show me someone without an ego and i ll show you a loser. @realdonaldtrump. obamacare has brought skyrocketing premium increases & unaffordable deductibles which will lead to less care & job losses. a 34 story luxury highrise @trumpparc offers elite amenities with residences that maximize every inch of space. the perfect getaway @trump ireland is europe s most elite 5-star destination perfected with old-world luxury. wh refused a meeting with the israeli defense minister. if only obama hated iran as much as he dislikes israel. all the governors are already backing off of the ebola quarantines. bad decision that will lead to more mayhem. i believe anybody who is not afraid to fail is a winner. - @joetorre. john foust is a liberal who supports obamacare and opposes ebola travel ban. send conservative @barbaracomstock to congress! mark udall was the deciding vote for obamacare & now 250000 coloradans were dropped from their plans. vote @corygardner! keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. success requires 100 of your focus and 100 of your effort. don t sell yourself short. watch me on @seanhannity s show at 10pm tonight on @foxnews. president obama strongly considering a plan to bring non-u.s. citizens with ebola to the united states for treatment. now i know he s nuts! @moudalena: @realdonaldtrump @nypost @fud31 godbless you mister @realdonaldtrump. @moudalena: @realdonaldtrump @nypost @fud31 godbless you mister @realdonaldtrump thank you. @socalmike sd: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @foxnews nice segment sir.... @ballstatect: i tweet about sportsbut if @realdonaldtrump would run for potus he would beat hillary and get us back on track. #yourefired. @jeanee31: @seanhannity please please please donald trump run for president. i have been saying this for a long time .you are awesome. @kauainj: @seanhannity donald would definitely get us out of the deep doo-doo & debt bo has driven us into. he has common economic sense. @grassroottroopr: @realdonaldtrump best episode of #hannity i ve seen in awhile. thanks to your interview sir. run mr. trump runnnn! @mainu586: #hannity @realdonaldtrump you good sir are a great american and created a lot of jobs not like a looney lib! god bless. @r ieysg: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump great guest to have on your show. @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump both bush s were bad presidents. why then---would jeb bush somehow be a great president? he wouldn t! @talkradio200: @asthegirlturns #hannity should be having @realdonaldtrump on more ! @bohanmewbohan: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump i would vote for #trump for #president any year. @cindylestrada: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump good interview. we definitely need more conservatives to speak up. @kalevans: @realdonaldtrump great interview on @seanhannity i agree we need a leader with heart and guts! #trump2016. @kauainj: @realdonaldtrump most of us know you would run the us with heart. @seanhannity so true! @troopsdirect: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump he is the reagan of this generation...if he ran. wow thank you! @michelledivv: donald trump for president @realdonaldtrump. @therealpweight: you did say that when we leave bad guys will take the oil in iraq.. isis controls a lot of it today. good foresight. @jaronanthony: great interview tonight @realdonaldtrump . #trump2016. @b thornton66: if you were to run for president you d have my vote! you re what this country needs! #trumpforpresident #trump2016. @libertyladyusa: i agree with donald trump mitt should not run again. #hannity. @tradingforex24: in the end you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. donald trump. @thatkidarob: @realdonaldtrump no he shouldn t. but donald trump should. #trump4potus. @steeldestroyer: @realdonaldtrump i agree with u. i was going to vote for u and i still am. the u.s. rocket that blew-up and crashed yesterday is emblematic of the united states under obama. nothing works be it a rocket or website. just out - the polar ice caps are at an all time high the polar bear population has never been stronger. where the hell is global warming? in game 7 of the world series tonight the giants are making a big mistake in not starting their ace against k.c. even with two days rest. @lps320p @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump love this place. i m a trump resort traveler for life! great and thanks. via @hpcatravel by @alau2: trump hotel reflects youthful luxurious vancouver: ivanka trump. my @foxnews interview @seanhannity discussing obamas failed presidency ebola dc post office midterms & 2016. via @mailonline @dmartosko donald trump says it s morally unfair of obama to send soldiers into ebola hot zone. trump on obama: i never thought it would be this bad via @breitbarttv. via @newsmax media by @jagerfile: donald trump: morally unfair to use soldiers in ebola fight. donald trump: mitt romney blew it shouldn t run again via @newsmax media by @owentew. obama admin. called @netanyahu chickenshit. ironic since bibi was an idf special forces commando while obama was a community organizer. obama will quarantine all soldiers returning from africa for 21 days. but he still allows all who contract ebola into country? hypocrite. entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. entrepreneurs: keep an open mind! business is a creative endeavor. there are always opportunities and possibilities. conde nast traveler readers choice awards best resorts in europe: trump int l hotel & golf links doonbeg voted #1. when you can t make them see the light make them feel the heat. president ronald reagan. i told you that the giants starting hudson was a mistake. just got knocked out of the game. i love being right! @golf com: .@donaldtrump s ferry point in nyc will be one of the best public courses in the u.s. says @joepassov. @michelleoh: reading @realdonaldtrump tweets is my guilty pleasure. @ronmeier123: you were right as usual mr. trump! you called for madison bumgarner after game 6 and giants are now world champs! @kerrygold1914: @foxnews @seanhannity great interview yeah trump said iraq would be a disaster yrs back if not controlled..he was right. @kerrygold1914: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @seanhannity trump would run the usa with heart .trump is right about mitt. @jeffreyguterman: years ago t said if us removed saddam hussein from iraq somebody worse would replace him. he was right about that: #isis. @traciotake: @realdonaldtrump @kerrygold1914 @foxnews @seanhannity if trump runs in 2016 i d vote for him! no person who is enthusiastic about his work has anything to fear from life. samuel goldwyn. #trumpvlog quarantine the nurse! happy birthday @ivankatrump! you are an amazing daughter! via @investopedia by @swan investor: the irreplaceable brand of donald trump. via @newhampshirecom:tickets on sale for loeb school event featuring donald trump. chinese oil trader just bought record number of mideast crude china gains while we fight isis. what are we doing? via @golf com by @joepassov: @trumpferrypoint will be one of nation s best public courses. sitting at the foot of the whitestone bridge @trumpferrypoint is an 18-hole @jacknicklaus signature course. my @newsradio610 int. w @jackheathradio discussing nickey s. loeb 1st amendment awards dinner & @senscottbrown. mark begich votes with obama 97 . he opposes drilling & supports amnesty for illegals. next tuesday vote @dansullivan2014! jeanne shaheen was the deciding vote for obamacare. premiums have skyrocketed 90 for new hampshire. send @senscottbrown to the senate! @ewerickson taking my 9yo to nyc next week for a father-daughter trip. i will take her to see trump tower. architecture done right. thx. #tbt with my family growing up- i m on the left. @ronmeier123 @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity you can t make a leader mr. trump was born a leader! thank you. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. albert einstein. .@trumpchicagos spa at trump offers 12 treatment rooms & 53 spa guestrooms overlooking the chicago skyline. happy halloween! @carguy 95 have you written anything torwards young adults college students on how to be successful? think like a champion is a good start. awarded both @forbesinspector five-star & @aaafivediamond ratings @trumpnewyorks @jean georgesnyc is fantastic. #flashbackfriday @kimkardashian on the set of @apprenticenbc. next tuesday remember how our president has not lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi. he only wants illegals to cross our border. 70 stories over panama bay @trumppanamas deluxe rooms feature private balconies to enjoy the ocean views. the art of the deal #1 business book. over 3 million copies sold. forbes article from oct. 20 2014. the achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual. vince lombardi. crazy - election officials saying that there is nothing stopping illegal immigrants from voting. this is very bad unfair for republicans! @dubc smitty:i don t know that much about vladimir putinbut i do know he s a black belt and he s real. donaldtrump is a figure of strength. @nadiaalghamri: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump i think you are a great businessman. we would all love to read some business tips from you. @habsfan80743103: @realdonaldtrump canada to ban travel to ebola hotspots. many of the released guantanamo detainees are now fighting for isis and other enemy groups.we need proper leadership before it is too late! @stay on green: andrew tahmooressi has been freed by mexico. obama didn t do anything. but i think that @realdonaldtrump did. @stmarie: @realdonaldtrump sick!!! this country is going to shit! we need real people to run this country. so get moving! @republican81: how does mr. trump defended himself against the dirty name calling punks on here ? move along ignorant uneducated punks . @real mr sciales: @realdonaldtrump pretty much saved a u.s. marine from a mexican prison on his own... where was obama on this one? thanks. @skpip: donald you have given me some hope for this country. maybe someone will help those of us on disability find a job we want to work. @gregory gains: @realdonaldtrump the world needs a strong us president i think mr. trump would do great. thank you. @tlcr2: @jennyapples @realdonaldtrump @cnnbrk @cnn no thanks to obama. having a truly great imagination is often far more important than having even massive knowledge - but still never underestimate knowledge! the five prisoners our government so stupidly released for one pathetic traitor are now fighting and killing for isis-bad deal! courtmarshal. they finally let our marine out of a mexican prison no thanks to obama. way too long. such an event should never be allowed to happen again. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump amen mr trump! run for president. we need a strong leader! stay tuned! @ doelicious: save america! vote for @realdonaldtrump #2016 ! @tmezzy20: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump for president. @bjones112892: @realdonaldtrump is who my vote will go to#trumpforpresident. @scottsolinger: thank you for your dilignet effort in the publicizing of the jailed marine tahmooressi. pathetic it didn t happen sooner. @zfry007: @realdonaldtrump run for office! @kawaiibitchx: @politigal2012: american rt @kawaiibitchx: i want america to be the nation it once was #trumpforpresident america. @spidersteve1977: @realdonaldtrump @ronmeier123 @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity bet trump would be like reagan all over again! nice! @bid2buy: when it takes this long to get a marine back from a country where americans vacation something is wrong. @realdonaldtrump #marine. @kaeladianne97: @realdonaldtrump please run for office. we can t have hillary running this country even more downhill! we need a leader! @joepilot56: @realdonaldtrump @spidersteve1977 @ronmeier123 @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity only better! thanks. @judgejeanine: the @realdonaldtrump arrives for #justice interview. catch it tonight on @foxnews! @sandihill29: @judgejeanine @realdonaldtrump @foxnews i watch your show every sat nite!! love you n show. love @realdonaldtrump too. @avellacompany1: @realdonaldtrump the best thanks. .@judgejeanine tonight at 9 p.m. on @foxnews - enjoy! @bestmjpics: michael jackson with donald trump #bestmjpics. @shawnrss: @realdonaldtrump @avellacompany1 trump we are all serious you better be president friend. @tpartyanita: @realdonaldtrump @judgejeanine @foxnews i adore them both!!!!!!!!!! .@trumpdoral. thanks for the many nice statements and to the media and golf critics for the great reviews of the brand new blue monster! @kaiame: rt @eurgolf beautiful vista over 18th hole at @trumpscotland at menie estate. donaldtrump #golf #scotland. @rowleyrhonda: i feel our country is falling apart by the day possibly by the hours please please please run for president! #trump2016. @marybethcostell: @realdonaldtrump please save our country we need you as our next president. @iadoreem: @realdonaldtrump @judgejeanine @foxnews you were great donald! @loubie126: @realdonaldtrump @rowleyrhonda i echo these words...run for the presidency! @puntjepunt1: @ivankatrump @erictrump @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolflinks you are from the macleod clan!!!! no kidding amazing! @marktromboyd: brekkie and round of golf at the amazing @trumpscotland course. great facilities @realdonaldtrump! @kev 360: @fairbuilt @trumpscotland great photo. i finished my round with a par. 18 strategically placed bunkers. risk and reward. @chick. i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present. that s were the fun is. donaldtrump. @ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @kerrygold1914 @seanhannity @spidersteve1977 mr. trump is a class act! thank you. @treycarpenter3: just saw the @realdonaldtrump on justice he is probably our best chance to fix this mess barackobama has made #trump2016. @r ieysg: @judgejeanine @realdonaldtrump i know a lot of people don t like listening to him but he speaks the truth. so true! @patrickmaser: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being a great example of america success story !!! thank you so nice. @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump if you run for presidency my vote is guaranteed to you!!!! #trump2016!!! @jackshallis: donald trump for president @realdonaldtrump. @cahlrstorrie: after watching @hannityshow w @realdonaldtrump on it made me realise how good a president trump will make #trump2016. @akhan 15: i m currently 16 years old. i ll be eligible to vote next election. fix obama s mess and run. you have my vote! #trump2016. @joeynemati: @realdonaldtrump president trump has a nice ring to it. @propertyjustice: @jackshallis strange how obama was such a great speaker before his election & simply carried on only speaking & no doing. @freshmigzz: @realdonaldtrump for president #trump2016 #ibelieve. wow so far everyone running for office who i did a robocall for has taken the lead in the polls -- the smart pols know this. great! strong debate by @perduesenate. no question he won. we need more business leaders with bold vision to fix washington. #gasen. obama reid nunn s failed economic policies are not working. @perduesenate will bring fresh perspective to solving problems. #gasen. michelle nunn will be a rubber stamp for barack obama. - @perduesenate. gotv for david this tuesday! .@mattginellagc @gcmorningdrive matt will be talking about trump national doral tomorrow a.m. terrific guy looking forward to it! .@skyscraperlive: nick all of the folks at trump international next door are wishing you well. we will block the strong winds! @nardokids:i believe you had a huge part in bringing our soldier out of mexico. as the mom of an airman i thank you for your efforts.thanks. @welshiv: @realdonaldtrump @mattginellagc @gcmorningdrive our work group played the doral last february. it is a magnificent course! thanks. @advertina: @realdonaldtrump ru at @trumpchicago watching #nikwalenda #skyscraperlive ? @paulyp94: learning from the man @realdonaldtrump thank you. @seyjohnny: obama traded 5 low life s from gitmo for a soldier who was considered a deserter but did nothing for the soldier in mexico. @hotter hodder: i added two new @realdonaldtrump ties to my collection at macy s thanks. @dcbelleonwheels: @realdonaldtrump gets it right:. @pgwellman: you have influenced me to become an entrepreneur i am still preparing my business plan. you re a good man and thank you. @crinqc: hates military. tues remember how pres hasn t lifted a finger for usmc tahmooressi. only wants illegals to cross border. .@mattginellagc don t forget to watch matt tomorrow on morning drive talking about the blue monster and trump doral. @golfchannel. @stevenqrmtl: great vibe @rebar @trumpchicago. @joelivan2: @realdonaldtrump @mattginellagc @golfchannel blue monster! the best course in south florida. i will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 8 not 7 . @ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends won t miss it! don t hold back say it like it is! have a great day mr. trump! @talismanjohnnya: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends whew!!! the week is never the same if you don t do mondays donald! @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump awesome job as always! i love hearing what you have to say every week! #trump2016. @emilyplacido @hotter hodder my husband was upset. trump ties & shirts nowhere to be found i our local macys! go to. .@mattginellagc thx for the nice story @trumpdoral. look forward to showing you trump intl in aberdeen in the spring & turnberry plans. via @breitbartnews by @ianhanchett: trump: obama treats our known enemies much better than israel. via @haaretzcom: donald trump calls obama israel s greatest enemy. the prestigious 800-acre @trumpdoral boast luxurious event spaces and 5 star restaurants. congratulations to @stevekingia and his team on running a great campaign. steve is a strong leader in the house. a veteran & true conservative @leezeldin will make a real difference in washington. ny-1 gop gotv for lee tomorrow! @baglanhills going to invest in one of your books tomorrow! which one would you recommend? #trump start with the art of the deal. via @newsmax media: @repmattsalmon: obama didn t lift a finger to help free marine in mexican prison. via @dailycaller @neilmunrodc: obamas border policy fueled epidemic evidence shows. very excited for @laraleayunaska and @erictrumps wedding this weekend. #trumpadvice. @leksi0731: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president he would have my vote! @austin noah530: just bought @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal. can t wait to read this great! @golfletsgo: @realdonaldtrump trump national palos verdes... #golfgem #golfletsgo #golf. @jurciuoli19: @getjohnkelly @realdonaldtrump apprentice is awesome. watch to see the new cast of @apprenticenbc-. photos from the @apprenticenbc press conference- premieres january 4th on @nbc. my @todayshow int. with @mlauer announcing the january 4th premiere & cast of the 14th season of @apprenticenbc. congratulations to @senscottbrown on running an aggressive & fair campaign. vote for scott today new hampshire! via @newsmax media by @wandacarruthers: trump: gop on edge of winning big and forcing obama to act. @thomtillis you have run a wonderful campaign. good luck today! today is referendum on obamacare amnesty slow growth having your healthcare dropped & all the other lies. via @todayshow by @reehines: donald trump reveals new @apprenticenbc cast talks joan rivers role on show. today the democrats lose big. but tomorrow the republicans must communicate a positive pro-growth agenda. this seasons cast of @apprenticenbc brings excitement to the board room. lots of surprises & great tasks. enjoy jan. 4th! today will be a big day @team mitch for you in many ways. the country is lucky. good luck to @joniernst. you will make a wonderful senator. @mrscottmurray: hey @realdonaldtrump i m very excited to hear we re getting #thecelebrityapprentice back on tv in just 2 months! @00rstw00: most brilliant casting in the history of tv: gilbert gottfried on celebrity apprentice. @realdonaldtrump. @briellezolciak: @realdonaldtrump what do i have to do to get u to run for president #byeobama just hang in there! @punishment75: @realdonaldtrump grab your popcorn because t.o. is on the celebrity apprentice in 2 months. @mariadomenique9: @realdonaldtrump umm when does #celebrityapprentice start?! my girl vivica a fox is guna be on it so im def watchin!! @daniellefromnh: @realdonaldtrump @00rstw00 with #joanrivers hosting some - absolutely! cannot wait!! thanks @realdonaldtrump. @kymwharton: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the apprentice to be back #favshow. @seattleseahack: if i write you in under every race does that invalidate my ballot? i also wrote trump decides on all the initiatives. @stn entertain @realdonaldtrump s new celebrity apprentice will have @geraldorivera @kevinjonas and kate gosselin. .@ericbolling great job on the five tonight and not only because you were so nice to the apprentice. see you soon and thanks! @can u see 2020: @realdonaldtrump: @rowleyrhonda: i feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president! #trump2016. @shellyshells626: @realdonaldtrump @briellezolciak i d vote for donald ! oh yeah. @beetabenjy: @realdonaldtrump destroying @barackobama as only he can: #israel. .@team mitch congratulations mitch! @troyer jeb: just ordered the art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump. can t wait to read it great. @ktlaudy: @realdonaldtrump so when are you going to start campaigning? stay tuned! @shellyshells626: i must say that anything donald says or promotes makes a huge impact on a lot of people s decisions. smart man! @jennyuhas: excited to hear that jonny damon will be back on my tv! thanks @realdonaldtrump!! #celebrityapprentice. @wolf grayson: can t wait to see @geraldorivera on celebrity apprentice hosted by @realdonaldtrump. @rexhispaniae: it s been way too long! looking forward to starting the new year with you back on tv! love @apprenticenbc. i can t wait! @scorpiannes: @realdonaldtrump sir...i respectfully request that you save america and run for president. @debralynnxx: @stn entertain @geraldorivera @kevinjonas well that is quite the line-up ! predict very good ratings for you mr. trump ! @mikeyjfitz: something tells me a donaldtrump announcement on if he will won t run in 2016 will come at season series final of ca. @rowleyrhonda: @realdonaldtrump well sir i am ready to get on the trump 2016 campaign trail #trump2016. looking like a really big night for republicans - a tremendous refutation of president obama and his failed policies! one year ago i started calling president obama incompetent and people thought it was too tough. tonight everyone is using that word! .@flgovscott: amazing race tremendous courage - you deserved this win for a very old fashioned reason - you have been a great governor! a really bad night for president obama. now the republicans have to get together and get the job done! @zedd tahlz: can t wait for the new season of #celebrityapprentice its gonna be epic!! great cast selection @realdonaldtrump. @mangooppl: @realdonaldtrump which means president trump ! @mitchwa: @realdonaldtrump what a great night for the good guys. i m worried about obama using executive power to pass immigration law. .@team mitch fantastic win we are all proud of you! your victory speech last night was very gracious to an opponent whose speech was not. the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa instead of making a deal-. #trumpvlog make our country great again! had @senscottbrown asked me to do a robo call for him i would have done it and he would have won. #trumpadvice. via @nydailynews: joan rivers last work for @apprenticenbc will run on two shows next season says donald trump. congratulations to @charliecrist who has now lost a statewide election in florida as a republican independent & democrat. via @prnewswire: trump hotel collection announces trump international hotel & tower baku. obama has now had two record & historic midterm losses. there is hope & change for america. yesterday was a referendum on obamacare & all other obama fiascos. republicans can now rein him in. i recorded robo calls for @perduesenate @leezeldin & @stevekingia. all had record wins. #midastouch. the maryland democrat party attacked me with a racist flyer. @hogan4governor won 2nd gop governor elected in 40 years. obamas amnesty executive order can now be stopped by majority leader mcconnell with riders. thats one reason we needed the senate. @beautifulblusky: now that republicans are dominating the house all america needs now mr. trump is you for 2016 president of the usa! @alsinclair11: @realdonaldtrump should honestly be our president... @markmurphy21: @realdonaldtrump looking very sharp sir #triumphant. @unclebibby: @bestbergerever @realdonaldtrump here s a screenshot of my iphone. please be prez don trump!!! @topraktlay: @realdonaldtrump now that republicans are dominating the house all america needs now mr. trump is you for 2016 president. @foxesden8: 4 days till @trumpturnberry @realdonaldtrump yeeeha!!!! can t wait!! @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump endorsed @leezeldin early on and he pulled off a real upset - sounds like #trump2016 just gained a few points. @therealzach49: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what obama destroyed. @foloalona: @realdonaldtrump donald trump is ruthless. his presidency will make people sweat but there will be real progress. @chad g: @realdonaldtrump #trump4president! @bobbyellis10: @realdonaldtrump for president. please at least make a run for it. @winpropp: @realdonaldtrump its time the world is ready for your leadership. @angiedrue: @jimmcvey1 i hope all the r s will stay strong and stand up to o..we need closed bdrs no common core lower taxes for bns. @cherylglitters: @realdonaldtrump you would definately have my vote! @lukebryanonline you were great on the apprentice! congrats on your big cma win. i promise i won t take credit for your successful career! the new congress must restore military spending & stop obama budget cuts. also hold obama accountable on the va. via @newsmax media by @spiccoli: donald trump taking serious look at 2016 presidential run. fact every successful gop senate candidate just elected ran on repealing obamacare. in january its time to move! via @usweekly: donald trump sounds off on joan rivers death: i think the doctors made a terrible mistake. my @971fmtalk int. with @dloesch on #handsoffmygun 2014 election results stopping obamacare new senate & 2016. via @lohud by @hoopsmbd: buzz builds for @trumpferrypoint. why did @agschneiderman have to fill out 3 successive ballots on election day? and this is our a.g. via @luxurydaily by joe mccarthy: trump collection leverages 2016 election frenzy for washington debut. you just can t beat the person who never gives up. babe ruth. .@greta: look forward to watching greta s interview tonight at 7.00 p.m. with marine andrew tahmooressi. #marinefreed. @deedeeglaser: @realdonaldtrump @greta donald..run for president plezzzzzzzz. @irishwill1344: babe ruth would have hated you you know this right?!? you just can t beat the person who never gives up. babe ruth. @dashjohnston: you are a great man mr. trump. your words of wisdom get me through the day. you could make our nation great again. @heelshoops23: @realdonaldtrump you re a brilliant man always speaking of reform why not run for pres? watch this video of my wonderful golf club @trumpnationalcn in beautiful colts necknj-. @62jerseygirl: @realdonaldtrump @trumpnationalcn love to see pine hill nj one of the finest. @gsthomas3: donaldtrump: last year my premiums went up 46 this year another 220 . clearly this is a sweet deal for the insurance industry. @tabletoptaylaaa: seriously think @realdonaldtrump would be an awesome president. @utbeth73: @holly carson..great sg or hhs but not presidential material. to whip this country into shape i d vote for @realdonaldtrump. @egre naamahah: @armand i am dreams don t come true visions do @realdonaldtrump @richardbranson are not dreamers they are visionaries. @grundy2: @realdonaldtrump @trumpnationalcn played there recently and loved it. great fair track. fantastic condition. @bobbyblanton1: @realdonaldtrump i believe that s you!! you ll have my family s vote should you run!! @bobbyblanton1: @realdonaldtrump you re right! this country is falling apart!! we need a strong leader!! one that will take no b.s. @reglarwiglar: @heelshoops23 trump would make a very very good potus. he is really really smart and makes great business decisions. @hmunjal: @realdonaldtrump: @heelshoops23: @realdonaldtrump you re a brilliant man always speaking of reform why not run for pres? @hmunjal: @realdonaldtrump: @tabletoptaylaaa: seriously think @realdonaldtrump would be an awesome president. @jonhw46: @realdonaldtrump @greta your interview was great. @cosclubofphila: @realdonaldtrump @dashjohnston we need your kind of honesty desperately. please get into the presidential race. @hn jad: @realdonaldtrump - you would rock the house as prez! #goforit. @robertpizorno: i really want to hear @realdonaldtrump say you re fired to reid and pelosi. @stevenklaiber: @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump plus golic apologies to bill. great show line up. .@mikeandmike i will be on the mike & mike show at 7.05 a.m. espn - 10 minutes. will be fun great guys! radio and t.v. @rzangrilli: @espngreeny @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo i missed it!! when s the replay!! #epicmoments 9.00 a.m. espn. @kinserka: @realdonaldtrump @mikeandmike just awesome! @realengenx: @realdonaldtrump @mikeandmike @frankcaliendo great segment! ty for the laughs. @taylorcathy834: @espngreeny @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo love frank he s so gooooood! what a great start on friday. thanks! @moore2donnie: @frankcaliendo @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump. @lenwdougleman: dear donald i love you success aftershave. i love to walk out of the house with the confidence that i smell of trump. @p38lightning: awesome bit on @mikeandmike with @realdonaldtrump and @frankcaliendo ! funny stuff! @chilidawgfan: @espngreeny @frankcaliendo outstanding. maybe frank could do @criscarter80 someday. and mr. trump is a good sport. @benpack3521: @espngreeny @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo that was very well done! thanks for a good laugh to start the day! @spazosaurus: @frankcaliendo @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump that segment was awesome. on all sides. great start for my day thanks. @chancesare420: @realdonaldtrump good morning big guy... here s hoping we both make a bundle of money today. :. @danywasking: @realdonaldtrump your on fire this morning.. too bad your not the prez.. i agree! @leonpui : @realdonaldtrump: @moore2donnie: @frankcaliendo @mikeandmike @realdonaldtrump run donald run! our nation needs you!!!! @angstas: @realdonaldtrump @danywasking you re really on fire? amazing. there is a god... @luthrice: @realdonaldtrump you re the only person who has any clue about our government! #donaldforprez. @samertime: @realdonaldtrump ill help bring home ohio mr future president love it! @tjcnue: @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo thank you both for appearing on @mikeandmike making my ride into work this morning so enjoyable. @neuroticknight: @realdonaldtrump when are you going to put your cape on and come save this country??? we need you!!! @lutherice: @realdonaldtrump you re ties are fantastic. @itsmarcela2you: @realdonaldtrump i would vote for you! you could run this country to success! @derekamartinez: #ff @realdonaldtrump because he s a genius and always right. enough said. autism speaks bob and suzanne wright will address the pontifical council on health care workers at the vatican in rome. november 20-22. we should immediately stop sending our beautiful american tax dollars to countries that hate us and laugh at our presidents stupidity! @gropperblotter @frankcaliendo impression of @realdonaldtrump is my favorite of his. beyond funny on @mikeandmike this morning. @randalldeputy @realdonaldtrump nice feature on @mikeandmike. you re awesome. thanks. @ewerickson @trumpnewyork ive made a mistake putting my 9yo up at the trump hotel central park. she doesnt want to go home now. @kellyjeanturner: @kateplu teen kids news covering the red carpet at the @apprenticenbc can t wait until january! @subirchowdhury: early morning moonset in pacific ocean @trumpgolfla trump golf la in rancho palos verdes. we are now sending thousands of additional troops to iraq to teach them how to fight - they will run billions wasted! what does u.s. get? we spent two trillion dollars in iraq and got nothing. now we are going back and will again get nothing because our leaders are clueless! do not go back into iraq unless they agree in a signed formal instrument to give the u.s. 50 of their oil reserves.make the deal dummies! @fraz scotcher: @trumpscotland @realdonaldtrump amazing day at trump links course keeps getting better & better! @chucknorton1: i am reading the art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump . i should have read it a long time ago. a must read of must reads. @thepizzapopo: it feels like i ve been waiting for the @apprenticenbc forever!!!!!! i m so happy and ready for this season @realdonaldtrump. remember we don t get any oil from iraq china gets whatever isis hasn t already taken. so why isn t china sending the troops? too smart! @bane1349: @realdonaldtrump @jayleespring america needs your leadership now more than ever mr. trump. @illaughs: @realdonaldtrump yes we could use a sharp minded man who wants to get america back on top of the game. @nhowe: another beautiful round at @trumpgolfla #golf #la thanks @realdonaldtrump. @grantwgates: @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump great couple of days at the resort. first class! #bluemonster #trumpdoral. @linflies: @realdonaldtrump wow u ve attracted a lot sickos to ur twitter acct. i suppose they r extremely jealous of ur success & wisdom. @mwhitehurst542: @realdonaldtrump you re my hero. run for president. @jackwitty: @realdonaldtrump @fraz scotcher @trumpscotland if presidential election were todayi d vote 4 donald trump. @hollyrpeete: so funny. @espn: the @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo impersonating donald trump radio gold. @espn: the @realdonaldtrump @frankcaliendo impersonating donald trump radio gold. @newsmax media: donald trump taking serious look at 2016 presidential run. @toddriddolls: @realdonaldtrump whether you run or notyou play one hell of a chess game !! #life. @jenniferalarson: i think your building makes for an excellent photo backdrop #touristinmyownbackyard #chicago. @ivoryrymes: @realdonaldtrump please run the american ppl need you! @dj dwain: @realdonaldtrump please run mr. trump. if anyone can save this country it is you sir. @maxtucci: dec 11 @ucfoundation will honor me for my #philanthropic efforts at donaldtrump s home #autism awareness. @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump is the man we need come 2016 presidential election!!!!! #trumpforpresident!!!! @audrasa74: @can u see 2020: @rowleyrhonda: i feel our country is falling apart by the day please run for president! #trump2016. @diegojovelar: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016. @lspaggs: @realdonaldtrump definitely the star of chicago s skyline show! loved visiting from toronto! @jacquel80505769: @realdonaldtrump i am from jacksonkentucky and we need you for president mr. trump i agree thanks. i will be doing @foxandfriends at 8.00 a.m. @michell07677681: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends please run for president! @cfogarty1964: #tp tele-prompter president: when will we stop electing presidents whose singular most important quality is reading a tp. @domjoly: @foxandfriends excellent- we ll expect a nuanced and interesting geopolitical discussion- you re the go-to-guy for sense.. @dogart2: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. save our country. @bethandersonesq:my 1st time staying at a trump resort was awesome! thanks for such impeccable service! #trumpmiami. @realmikeedwards: @realdonaldtrump big fan run for prez please. @iananderson13: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president i would vote for him! @heatherchilders you are doing a great job heather! @mountainstate82: @realdonaldtrump donald make 2016 happen. let s do business with countries of financial interest no more aid on demand. @dianashane4ever: @realdonaldtrump donald trump is self-made which gives him lots above other candidates plus obviously a great president. @rebel1941: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends great. @damonsdavis: if ronald reagan and jfk were alive they d both be voting @realdonaldtrump for president! .@foxandfriends in five minutes. enjoy! @huicho52: @realdonaldtrump enjoy dear donaldyou are the maximum expression of real generosity. @lovemactrublue: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends love u on @foxandfriends. you always make me smile. @foxandfriends: trumping the competition!every midterm candidate with @realdonaldtrump robocall won. #election2014. @lucasflavin: one of my goals in life is to eventually do business with @realdonaldtrump. @yurdreamwoman @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends love strong powerful man who has a voice as important as the pompous ass in the white house. @hillarysusans: children not spoiled celebrities. who did something right? you did! no entitlement mentality. #trumpforpresident. @hillarysusans: @ivankatrump your dad is awesome. he should run for president. he could raise the country like he raised his kids and wow. @fuctchecker: we need less #isis and #ebola and #obama and more @realdonaldtrump true! @spikesurge83: @realdonaldtrump if you run you have my vote on top of that rand paul gets to be vice president. @boogbannon: all about trump for president @realdonaldtrump. @rsmithinc: @realdonaldtrump @hillarysusans @ivankatrump as long as ivanka is involved in his cabinet i m in. #smartwomen. @c rob 33: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016. @scottjamesward: @realdonaldtrump haha i don t even live in america but it would be awesome to see you president lol. via @usnewstravel: best new york city hotels: @trumpnewyork. @woofeous: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends donald is powerful because his silence cannot be bought & he doesn t carry water for anyone. @usnewstravel: this @trumpcollection hotel trumps many honolulu hotels with its excellent customer service beautiful setting. @usnewstravel: a spacious hotel room is a rarity in nyc. just one of the perks of staying @trumpnewyork: #dailydigs. @usnewstravel: .@trumpchicago s location & modern rooms make visitors feel like they re livin the good life:. @gfmete: @realdonaldtrump @usnewstravel @trumpnewyork trump tower in toronto still the best! @brandoacovski: @realdonaldtrump for president!!!! @amcaristi: @realdonaldtrump @usnewstravel @trumpchicago i am ready to stay at any trump hotel!!! #luxurytravel. each and every new event space at @trumpdoral looks stunning. see the transformation for yourself:. happy 5th anniversary to @trumpwaikiki can t believe it s already been 5 years.. a single ebola carrier infects 2 others at a minimum. stop the flights! no visas from ebola stricken countries! it is my great honor to send 25000 to sgt. andrew tahmooressi. #marinefreed. congratulations to @nhgop & @afpfnh for winning control of the state house & executive council while holding state senate. strong results! the only source of knowledge is experience. albert einstein. happy #veteransday to all. and it is nice to have sgt. andrew tahmooressi back home. exceptional dining matched with exceptional views @trumpchicago offers a unique array of 5 star dining options. via @pjmedia com by @nicholasballasy: trump calls election a big blow to obama i think hes in denial. my @greta int. discussing 25000 gift to usmc tahmooressi obamas trip to china & the 2014 election results. via @dmregister: @shawnjohnson returns to reality tv with donald trump. thanks for all of the nice tweets re sgt. tahmooressi. especially nice that the money will be sent today #veteransday. looking forward to keynoting the nackey s. loeb school of communications first amendment awards event tomorrow in new hampshire. the obamacare website still is not complete. 5 billion and no progress. scary and sad! if you can accept losing you can t win. - vince lombardi. congrats @sixteenchicago s @cheflents on your chef of the year nom in @eaterchicago annual eater awards- vote now! today is #veteransday. let us be thankful for our nations finest who fight at all corners of the earth to protect our freedoms. looking forward to seeing joe mcquaid curtis barry and my many friends in the granite state! @nstaicer: @realdonaldtrump visited @trumpwinery over the weekend. very impressive and we will be going back soon! @jimdbenson: @realdonaldtrump great point on the obamacare sitethanks for keeping it top-of-mind. your gifted insights bless america! @sellputs: ! congrats @sixteenchicago s @cheflents on your chef of the year nom in @eaterchicago eater awards. @dorianhoward: @sunbeltgirl @jstines3 @po st trump is an american capitalist who actually cares about americans! thank you mr. trump! @jackiekarlsen: donald trump sends 25000 to recently released sgt. andrew tahmooressi thank you! #marinefreed. @loisweiss: @realdonaldtrump sends 25000 to recently released sgt. andrew tahmooressi via @po st thank you lois! @pathintel: @icsc nyc deal making announces speaker lineup inc keynote by @realdonaldtrump. congrats @jean georgesnyc for being named the 6th best hotel restaurant in the world! congratulations to @trumpdoral for being named one of @linksmagazine s great destinations:. press conference at glasgow prestwick airport this friday nov. 14 at 11 am with donald j. trump & mr. iain cochrane. flying to new hampshire to keynote the @loebschool first amendment award ceremony. always great to visit the granite state! live free or die. motto of new hampshire. obamas attack on the internet is another top down power grab. net neutrality is the fairness doctrine. will target conservative media. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. keep your focus positive. entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering you are setting the example. entrepreneurs: set the bar high. do the best you possibly can. apply your skills and talent but above all be tenacious. via union leader: trump leads tribute for slain journalist james foley new hampshire first amendment awards. via @conmonitornews by @cmonitor jvf: donald trump guest speaker at event honoring james foley. i really enjoyed being in new hampshire & speaking for joe mcquaid @deucecrew & the nackey loeb school @loebschool honoring james foley. left new hampshire for turnberry in scotland which i am renovating. this place is incredible! @trumpturnberry. @barlow260 @trumpturnberry is a great place. i just spent the weekend there & the place golf and staff were excellent 10 out of 10 thx! @ryan5240 after playing the new course in aberdeen and loved it my wife taking me to turnberry for a birthday present on monday great! #trumpadvice. donald trump pledges to make prestwick airport really successful via @stvnews. @golfswingshirt @frgelfant @stfinbarbklyn donald..i met your dad when i was in college..very nice guy humble and unassuming. true thx. @trumpferrypoint a brand new championship golf course in nyc developed by donald trump- and anyone can play it. success isn t permanent and failure isn t fatal. mike ditka. via @necn by @katherinenecn: trump waiting to see who runs in 2016. looking forward to addressing @theeconomicclub on december 15th at the marriot marquis washington dc. @kmacg1: lovely lunch today @realdonaldtrump @turnberrybuzz fantastic hotel #ayrshire #eat scottish thank you! so obama s top people responsible for obamacare think the american public is stupid! all based on lies and deception! repubs should sue. @frankboesch: sad cause my wife & i checked out of @trumpdoral today after 4 amazing days. happy cause we re planning our return visit! @oneandonlyakash: @realdonaldtrump you are a financial genius i agree thanks! . #laskerrink. we do not do the maintenance on lasker rink that is done by new york city. i will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7.00. will be talking about sleazebag jonathan gruber americans are stupid & exec order. the entire country is freezing - we desperately need a heavy dose of global warming and fast! ice caps size reaches all time high. @newcongress4ne: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends run donald run. @kalevans: @realdonaldtrump so much for al gores theory??? #trump2016. @miorlano 14: if donald trump ran for president i would vote for him in a heartbeat. @mtrisner @foxandfriends looking forward to it.you need a permanent position there. they would like that big league - but i have no time! @greggory mc: @realdonaldtrump @miorlano 14 i truly hope trump runs ! it would be simply fantastic ! do it dt - do it plz . i will be on @foxandfriends in ten minutes - enjoy! @davidbougs: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you d be a winning candidate for an america starved for direct honest leadership in 2016-run! @ronmeier123: @foxandfriends you are exactly what america needs going forward! mr. trump for president in 2016 is a smart bet! @bhughes0422: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you have my support..... 100 i hope you run 2016. my @wmur9 close up int. with @joshmcelveen discussing the midterms the new congress travelling to nh & 2016. via @newhampjournal by @jdistaso: in nh the donald hammers mitt jeb as he again weighs a run for president. deportations are now at a record low. obama manipulated the numbers to lie to the public that they were at a record high. secure the border! obamacare romneycare architect gruber was paid over 6m with our tax dollars yet obama only claims he was some adviser. how to travel like a billionaire! inside donald trump s 63m private jet via @travelmail by @andreamagrath. obamas china climate deal binds america with language of will curb emissions now while china only intends to curb in 2030. bad deal! looking for an excuse not to cook for thanksgiving? many nyc outlets will delivery a full meal including @trumpsoho. @apartmentmgr @realdonaldtrump played #doral #white on sunday what a gorgeous course you re doing great things there #golf #resort thanks. just like jonathan gruber viciously lied & called americans stupid on obamacare many consultants are doing the same on global warming. chicago don t forget tix for @erictrumpfdn wine tasting fundraiser @trumpchicago 11 22. proceeds benefit @stjude. congratulations to @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago for being honored with a @michelinguidechi two-star rating again this year! @brenoconn @realdonaldtrump just back from a fabulous 2 days in doonbeg. what a hotel !! thanks. icymi my @foxandfriends int. criticizing the gop on obamacare the new congress & 2016. located in central park the iconic @trumprink is nycs top skating rink. vip sessions are available for booking. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: obamas amnesty will give illegal aliens public benefits. at least obamacare romneycare architect gruber admitted albeit privately that we were lied to by obama. gang of liars. watch obama in 2006: ive stolen ideas from jonathan gruber and now obama claims he is just some adviser. remember that some things are worth waiting for. plans can change sometimes for good reason. trump never give up. obamacare will continue to stop entrepreneurship slow growth and halt research & development. defund repeal & replace! the true competitors are the ones who always play to win. tom brady @patriots. the #womenwhowork campaign from @ivankatrump. entrepreneurs: always remember that deals are fluid. terms are always negotiable and time can be the best option for success. there are many jonathan gruber types selling the global warming stuff - and they really do believe the american public is stupid. @joblink31: @realdonaldtrump trump is so important that every time he s makes a decision it s good for the economy . @daniel10ynwa: @realdonaldtrump you re the man mr. trump. @sgrifkin: donaldtrump when will you next appear on television? i am very interested in your opinion of the current nyc real-estate market. @greta:donaldtrump sent me check for 25k payable to #tahmooressi-i forwarded check thank u donald trump! very kind. @ettuandyou: @realdonaldtrump i ve got to tell you i love love love the trump in toronto. @therealmasons: protect ya neck. wear @realdonaldtrump ties. @nikkio: donaldtrump @greta donald trump helped out more than obama did with #andrewtahmoorissi -- the 25k check was a wonderful gesture. @rafaelmerrydel1: @realdonaldtrump can obama salvage his presidency by going to ferguson and bringing peace? no! @blakehoagland what is the best advice you could give to a young entrepreneur mr. trump? you have to be passionate about your work! power lunching next to the #bluemonster: via @urbandaddy cc @trumpdoral. for those that constantly say that global warming is now climate changethey changed the name. the name global warming wasnt working. via @tv3xpose: @ivankatrump: think pink in the boardroom. get in. get it done. get it done right. get out. fred c. trump my father! open for the 2014 season mar-a-lago club is an architectural masterpiece offering the finest amenities in the world. if you like your plan you keep it. gruber is just some adviser. two of obamas greatest lies told to the american public. watch wh official says that obamacare romneycare architect gruber was an important figure in crafting the law. if you dont publicize your successes your competitors will be sure to belittle them. get the word out! @jakemurray 32 @realdonaldtrump the haters are just jealous of your unbelievable success #trump2016 thank you. sneak peek of trump s trio of spectacular new seaside holes on the famed ailsa course @trumpturnberry. i am no fan of bill cosby but never-the-less some free advice - if you are innocent do not remain silent. you look guilty as hell! repubs must not allow pres obama to subvert the constitution of the us for his own benefit & because he is unable to negotiate w congress. the trumping of turnberry via links magazine @trumpturnberry. success in golf depends less on strength of body than upon strength of mind and character. - arnold palmer. i enjoyed meeting with @mattblunt @trumptowerny to discuss why our government must address currency manipulation. many us jobs are at stake. new york citys iconic architectural masterpiece @trumptowerny houses prime commercial residential & retail space. .@blairkamin sorry sucker as usual you lose again. you couldn t work for me for 10 seconds. bad critic-- great sign. iraq should be paying us while we fight isis. give the money to the families of our brave soldiers. if we do not protect the rule of law then we can expect even more illegals to cross the border. obamas executive amnesty is dangerous. awarded 5 stars from @forbesinspector @trumpto offers 261 rooms & 115 suites in the center of downtown toronto. with multiple space options @trumpchicago is the ideal venue to hold your dream wedding. you don t necessarily need the best location. what you need is the best deal. -- the art of the deal. they re going to riot in ferguson no matter what. if you really want to succeed you ll have to go for it every day. the big time isn t for slackers. keep up your stamina and remain curious. entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge. entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. via @suntimes @cstearlyoften by @fspielman: council sign rules mean trump name will loom large on river. intellectuals solve problems geniuses prevent them. albert einstein. trump tower punta del estes cylindrical tower redefines the essence of luxury. on the sands of playa brava. be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. thats good business. think like a champion. congratulations to bill obrien on being named the republican speaker of the nh house. well-earned & well-deserved. a great guy. @scottsummerhall @realdonaldtrump just stayed in trump chicago....by far the nicest hotel in chicago. absolutely amazing job! great thx. @gsurrette: listening to @realdonaldtrump present @pgaofamerica annual meeting. great information great speaker#pga. @annaliotta: 28.6 m non-golfers were interested in golf in 2013. the highest interest being expressed by #millennials 18 to 29 yrs old #pga. @tmsgpga: the donald preaches on golfs economic impact in us... let s tell this story! #pga14annual @pgaofamerica. @colinmeeks: i would love to see @realdonaldtrump on @abcsharktank any shot of that??? thanks but the apprentice starts on jan 4. @nehemiah israel: @realdonaldtrump are u running for president in 2016 or not? we will soon see! @spicedevilz: @realdonaldtrump how did you keep your hair looking good over the decades? wow one of the few nice comments about my hair! @tvtagwwe: triple h aka donald trump. #smackdown #yourefired. @pga com: the donaldtrump & sites of his 5 career holes in one. 4 sites btw . #pga14annual. @highend gear: #amazon usa : time to get tough: making america #1 again by donald trump #celebrityapprentice. @jdougherty3: boys in the hood call me the black donald trump. great! @kornegay danna: @spicedevilz mr. trump you re a nice looking gentleman period. i think you look nice hair and all. ignore the jealous. @sev enteen: please run for president @realdonaldtrump. this country needs you! thanks! @sidelinesev: @realdonaldtrump best view in chicago tonight. @pinnaurato: i have so much respect for @realdonaldtrump he took down rosie. #revisitingthefight. @ronmeier123: january 20th 2017 will be a victorious day in america mr. trump if you run! for you will be sworn in as the 45th president! .@aaronschock aaron it was great to meet you at trump tower. also really good job on television! @lp084: @realdonaldtrump gosh you re an early riser. is that why you get a lot done? it helps! @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump is a real american and he knows what we want. #presidenttrump2016. @jackwitty: @realdonaldtrump @sidelinesev nice view. but better one would be you sitting in the oval office. @jackshallis: donald trump for president @realdonaldtrump. do you think the 14 african nations that are banning west africans from coming into their nations are racist? @agoraindex: @realdonaldtrump: success isn t permanent and failure isn t fatal. mike ditka. @kidwithdream: @realdonaldtrump i don t usually shop at @macy s but the donald trump collection is amazing! thank you! @uf9606084212012: in @realdonaldtrump we trust. please run save us - it s time. @toneantone96: @realdonaldtrump the reason why i love you so much is because of how compassionate you are not because of who you are. @drdardano: @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas great stay. it s the place to be in #vegas thanks for the #upgrade. @futureicon: @pinksugar61 obama also fabricated his own birth certificate after being pressured to produce one by @realdonaldtrump. @dr rita39: @realdonaldtrump. i merely follow mr trump because he is a fascinating observation of power. @billf227: @realdonaldtrump @dr rita39 there are a multitude of reasons to follow mr trump...great american thank you! @russiannavyblog: @dr rita39 i follow mr. trump in a crusade to get him to restore western civilization with a trump palin 16 ticket! @dudum234: @realdonaldtrump @drdardano @trumplasvegas donald you are my model in life since i first saw you i was14 years then . respect! @cahlrstorrie: i follow @realdonaldtrump because he s a great entrepreneur. can t get better than him. thanks! tom brady played great today. he is a total champ and a really nice guy a rare combination! @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump is a winner that s why he will run for presidency!!!!!!! #trump2016 for sure!!!! @montanawoman56: @realdonaldtrump i bought your first book long ago for an aspiring developer great results. @grammasu52: plz mr. trump... if anyone can expose the #truth about #obama you can! how many more lies does #america have to listen to? @iamnextroom: @realdonaldtrump i decided that i ll choose to live in the us when you are the president. good choice! @ghostofxerxes: @realdonaldtrump we need you to bring common sense to washington dc...in 2016 the white house gets trumped ! @kellykoson: why do people think that @realdonaldtrump is going to run for president in 2016? because the country is a total mess right now. @mrinsaf: @realdonaldtrump are you running for president? you have my vote. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @cahlrstorrie so true! hope for trump 2016. @yllsadiku: @realdonaldtrump such a nice guy. such a perfect leader . i want to see you in the white house !! mr.pesident d.trump. thanks. @devin smrekar: @realdonaldtrump how much did you enjoy hosting nascar? they are great people. @tracylynnclark1: @yllsadiku mister trump please run for president this country needs you badly and i would vote for you in a heart beat. @mileswynn3 @jennifer75ar @cahlrstorrie guys trump is busy running the trump brand he is not going to take a step down as president. watch. @sal lyann: donaldtrump @jennifer75ar @cahlrstorrie does donald trump want to be president? looks like he is getting lots of votes already. @mrinsaf: @realdonaldtrump you are a decent man & true to your word. america needs you mr trump. plz run for president. @mileswynn3: @cahlrstorrie @jennifer75ar trump would be # 1 however he has his plate full so unfortunately i do not think so just watch! @cahlrstorrie: @realdonaldtrump @mileswynn3 @jennifer75ar a billionaire president. now that s something i d like to see! #trump2016. @fanofgreenmms: @sal lyann @jennifer75ar @cahlrstorrie mr. trump is a wonderful man & more presidential than the fraud-in-chief now. @shmopniggadick: @realdonaldtrump for president. @jaskulskidiane: @mileswynn3 @realdonaldtrump @cahlrstorrie @jennifer75ar he sure is more than qualified to be president. @lillytwotimes: @realdonaldtrump run for president pleaseeee. @cahlrstorrie: @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal is on my christmas list. let s hope i get it. @shmopniggadick: @realdonaldtrump has got my vote. @jaskulskidiane: @mileswynn3 @cahlrstorrie @jennifer75ar we would have the best economy in the world with him as president! true! i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - there is much to talk about sadly ! enjoy! @dianeinvegas: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump i truly wish mr. trump the best he s awesome!& very cool. so smart. trump 4 president yeah! @shmann55: @realdonaldtrump good morning mr. trump! your comment s were dead on this a.m. on f&f. @e1e5672d96c747c:mr. trumpwe need you in officewe need you to direct your famous quote to all who have jeopardize our countryyour fired! @musicislife1239: @realdonaldtrump u should be president. @kenjohnson21: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i can t wait donald my monday is complete! @sintianiej: @realdonaldtrump @mrinsaf the next president of united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 . @jurisprude1:donaldtrump obama comes to australia and makes a speech against our pm at a time we re fighting together in iraq. run please! @thenordicbroad: i might not always agree w everything he saysbut it s wonderful how @realdonaldtrump engages w people on twitter. @sintianiej: @realdonaldtrump @shmopniggadick the next president of united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 . @jordanmeuleners: @realdonaldtrump you will always be one of my idols!! thank you. defense sec.hagel has quit. great news for our country. the guy didnt have a cluegrossly outmatched by our enemies. couldn t even speak. @ddrocks777 .@realdonaldtrump cannot wait for the newest season of the celebrity apprentice!! i ve been a huge fan since it started great! great #thanksgiving travel and parade watching tips by @nytimestravel including an option from @trumpnewyork:. #trumpvlog hagel quits-. congratulations to chuck hagel on one of the shortest tenures as sec. of defense. another terrible appointee by obama. via @linkedinpulse by @nicholas wyman: what all hiring managers can learn from donald trump. rated @golfmagazine as 1 of the top courses in the country trump intl palm beach has been expanded to 27 holes. premiering on january 4th the 14th season of @apprenticenbc will have major fireworks every episode. the board room is electric! fact amnesty lowers wages and invites more lawlessness. obama has unilaterally cancelled any chance of immigration reform. there is no excuse for riots in ferguson regardless of the grand jury outcome. isis is starting its own currency. may be stronger than the dollar if obamacare is fully implemented. iran and the united states just pushed deadline back seven months on working out a nuclear deal. iran is tapping along our bad negotiators! why would they announce a finding of the grand jury in ferguson at 9:00 in the evening - a prime time for riots! not smart. @d mellette: @realdonaldtrump for president 2k16. @abdul akbarzai1: @therealzach49: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for you to take over this country and rebuild what obama destroyed. @therealzach49: this is why we need @realdonaldtrump in office. @barackobama doesn t know how to keep order. despite having a black president the racial divide seems greater than it has in decades.if obama were a leader this would not be the case. if the decision by the grand jury in ferguson was the exact opposite you would still be having the riots right now! can you imagine what putin and all of our friends and enemies throughout the world are saying about the u.s. as they watch the ferguson riot. as china and the rest of the world continue to rip off the u.s. economically they laugh at us and our president over the riots in ferguson! sadly because president obama has done such a poor job as president you won t see another black president for generations! our country is totally fractured and with our weak leadership in washington you can expect ferguson type riots and looting in other places. who is the moron who decided to release the ferguson grand jury findings after 9:00 o clock in the evening. what were they thinking? if you love it own it. @trumpcondoslv bring unparalleled style elegance and world class amenities to las vegas. president obama has absolutely no control or respect over the african american community-they have fared so poorly under his presidency. congratulations to @trumpnewyork for being named #1 best business hotel in nyc in @travlandleisure s 2014 world s best business hotels. congrats @trumpchicago for being named #3 best business hotel in chicago in @travlandleisure s 2014 world s best. there is nothing @trumpsoho did not think about for the holidays - @robbreport dives in:. @24k: @trumpchicago i have been in your hotel great views of #chicago. congrats from @travlandleisure @realdonaldtrump. #traveltuesday. @moore2score: why is it almost every person i know thinks that mac miller s only song is donald trump and then he disappeared... true! @imdruchainz: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president you ll make our country great again i agree thanks! @up1775: @realdonaldtrump 2k16 man. @mattfeierabend: @realdonaldtrump @moore2score it s by far my favorite mac miller song. can t beat donald trump. @longviewmayor: @realdonaldtrump you re up at 5 am and you re awake at 1am. how do you have so much energy? seriously!? good genes! @ogrumple: @realdonaldtrump has my first presidential vote if he runs in 2016 ! @up1775: @ritaevelynyanez @realdonaldtrump yeah true but hey he would be a good president. @jeromegottlieb: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016! we need you in office. @up1775: @realdonaldtrump @ogrumple yes!! more people gonna vote #waitingfortrump2016. @gmoney8500: i m tired of having a president without a spine. i m so ready to call @realdonaldtrump #commanderinchief. @sjfloyd06: only way i m registering to vote is if @realdonaldtrump runs for president. @carrgaz: all the latest on @realdonaldtrump s plans to transform trump turnberry into the finest resort in the world. in today s @carrgaz. @jsandoval 7: @realdonaldtrump i look forward to seeing your name on the next presidential ballot. @lovely laura21: seriously @realdonaldtrump for president. @southroyce: @realdonaldtrump @lovely laura21 yes! he s our man for the next president. sure he s the man no doubt. @joshuaalthina:i have a dream that one day i ll be able to tell my children the story of you taking office & fixing this country #2016. @spbowl: @realdonaldtrump @lovely laura21 as a former fortune 100 senior executive i agree it s about time we have a biz savvy guy. @tyler mostdope: @realdonaldtrump i am definitely voting for this man right here @realdonaldtrump. @afrangione8: #trumpforpresident #2016 make it happen enough said @realdonaldtrump. @spencemac96: @realdonaldtrump please win presidency of the united states of america. @bmariebrown99: @realdonaldtrump i think you would be an awesome leader for the country! find something for everyone on your list with this holiday gift guide from @trumpsoho on @trumpcollection s tumblr:. great write-up on @thedailymeal about our new executive sous chef sydney jones @trumplasvegas:. @rafaelmerrydel1: the carter family thanksgiving will be a bit happier as obama officially becomes the worst president in history. @mattygucci: @realdonaldtrump this nation will be on the right track once i see your name on the presidential ballot. #trump2016 thanks. @bigj extfitness: @realdonaldtrump: @lovely laura21: @realdonaldtrump for president agreed! @ijano27: if billionaire @realdonaldtrump once became #usa president he ll make #america best ever n rule lk beyond expectation! @tiberias84. thank you! @macy s. @slim shady2o3: @realdonaldtrump you should run for president donald. you would make one hell of a president! @o2okito: @realdonaldtrump for president in 2016 !! @nicofazioprod: @realdonaldtrump continue to inspire young entrepreneurs such as myself! happy thanksgiving - i hope everyone can get together to make america great again! it won t be easy nothing is but it can be done. @sanfransuperman: @tmz @realdonaldtrump: trump should be the next president of the us. guy is a genius! @southheastt: on this joyous holiday i am thankful to @realdonaldtrump for being the bright light that guides america home. @tylerthekicker: donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song many agree! @jerrysan52: now that is a combo..he needs ride along rt @jebburtonracing: got to meet the man donald trump. @wesley minga: @realdonaldtrump you re a genius! thank you you are so correct! @jabupaqatago: rt @realdonaldtrump: great news from irelandclare county council turned down massive windfarm near my hotel so smart! @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump @southheastt awwww what a wonderful thing to say about our fearless leader. trump 2016! @ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 can there be any doubt that mr.trump is the real deal! thank you! @tigers2iron: @realdonaldtrump @pianobecca when is your announcement that you aren t going to run scheduled to be made? stay tuned! @jackshallis: donald trump for president @realdonaldtrump. @jackshallis: donald trump for president! @realdonaldtrump. @polomurillo101: @realdonaldtrump we all love you in mexico donald! you are our role model!! thanks! @going han: @realdonaldtrump i am over career politicians we need someone who knows business in washington. i m rooting for you mr. trump. @joshhasadog: @realdonaldtrump @ronmeier123 @jebburtonracing @jerrysan52 donald real deal trump. i ve been calling him that for years!!!! @tip66: @realdonaldtrump we all love you in australia. visit us when youre president. a great place! @forevermcin: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait to see trump 2016 all over the news! #trumpforpresident. @olyagradova: @realdonaldtrump please tell me you are at least considering running for president.. please please please. i am! @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016! @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump some nights i think to myself that its a darn shame mr. trump isnt in office. @joshhasadog: me with don and sarah. we went out for pizza that night. remember .@realdonaldtrump. @ladykingadejavu: perfect moment with an inspiring #book. thank you mr trump : @realdonaldtrump. @twins44: @realdonaldtrump i think you are responsible for lower gas prices only you had the balls to call out opec. thank you mr. trump. @intheelections: @realdonaldtrump we can do it with you leading us. trump 2016. @sintianiej:donaldtrump @intheelections @southheastt oh yes the next president of the united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 . @pianobecca: omg omg omg @realdonaldtrump just rtd meee! yay! i sooo admire him. i cant wait for him to be my presedent!!! #tump2016. @kraftywurker: #trump is the only potential presidential candidate who has been demanding and threatening to get lower oil & gas prices. @bugsben20: @realdonaldtrump run for prez the country needs you! @kraftywurker: @realdonaldtrump yeah gasoline prices are on their way down since #trump started making threats & demands of opec & others. @tylerclodfelter: @realdonaldtrump found your locker at trump national. we had an awesome time. great. @jcrmtxus: @realdonaldtrump @kraftywurker hopefully he will run for 2016 elections stay tuned! @jackshallis: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president. @giantsandles: only @realdonaldtrump can get the economy back on track clean up the government i agree stay tuned! @bobmenziesgolf: @realdonaldtrump @tylerclodfelter it should be locker #1 in my opinion! #trump2016. @brianfinn96: @realdonaldtrump hope to see you back in doonbeg as president of usa. @nancy miracle: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. you would be a wonderful leader thank you! @abunnieslife: mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir! @bugsben20: @odinviking76 @realdonaldtrump right on donald can t be bought like the rest of them! @jhasseyjr: @abunnieslife: mr trump we had the honor of visiting your beautiful tower in chicago you own a grand building sir! thank. bill cosby is foolish stupid or getting bad advice in remaining silent if he is innocent. probably guilty! not a fan. @ronmeier123: @realdonaldtrump you can never be wrong if you vote for mr. trump in 2016! he is the right man for president! happy sunday! i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! @cmille : @realdonaldtrump is a real individual very brilliant man! thank you. @msmoldt: @realdonaldtrump the american dream is alive and well good interview on @foxnews this am #gytu. @golfeventplan: great article in met golfer this month on the development of trump golf links at ferry point #trump. @cmille : @realdonaldtrump for president. @craig eaton12: @realdonaldtrump mr trump-thank you for being most responsible for the decreasing gas costs! #trumpforpresident. @sam keady: you are a real life superhero and i believe you will be bring this great country where it needs to go #trumpforpresident. @mychemicalcarli: have a trumptastic monday!! @realdonaldtrump thank you. @deanna lea : @realdonaldtrump you d win the south #presidenttrump. @cmille : @greatgaetano @realdonaldtrump he s a str8 foward guy & does things the way it s needed to be done. @ceovince: @realdonaldtrump we need a president who doesn t take any crap from anybody!!! #trumpforpresident. @gzervs: love listening to @realdonaldtrump on @foxandfriends it s the perfect start to my morning & week! @topcat33831795: @foxandfriends obama s first meeting after midterm loss was #alsharpton continued divisive agenda takes eyes off failures. the u.s.g.a. boy s junior champion at trump national golf club bedminster just won the australian open. we are proud of you @jordanspieth. just as i predicted @rosie would fail on the view-. ratings way down show irrelevant. why haven t they learned? @rosie always fails. rosie odonnell went after me again on the view in order to stir up her failing ratings. nothing will help her--@rosie always fails. #trumpvlog @rosie needs to rest and relax. it s not working. #trumpvlog @rosie wasn t even a short term fix at the view. congratulations to @nycparks on quickly repairing the lasker rink. record skaters this past thanksgiving! .@whoopigoldberg dont let @rosie speak badly of you or try to bring you down. she is rude crude & not smart. she is not in your league. @maxmfoto @realdonaldtrumps cameo performance just made home alone 2 my favorite christmas movie thanks. @eyeamsmf @drudge report @realdonaldtrump should replace @rosie on the view. :- well they would then get great ratings! now obama is keeping our soldiers in afghanistan for at least another year. he is losing two wars simultaneously. congress greatest card against obama is the power of the purse. use it! via @washingtonpost by @oconnellpostbiz:bidding to stay at trumps hotel for 17 inauguration?pick the next potus. obama is community organizing from the oval office on ferguson today. more riots sure to follow. if obamacare should not be repealed then why has obama & congress exempted their staffs? @jerm aholic @realdonaldtrump @rosie you should put her on #celebrityapprentice just to fire her! first night! no surprise. @rosie is failing on @theview.terrible ratings.malcontent & another season is out of the question. @tmz politics: say what you want about this: #isis would not exist under president @realdonaldtrump. @taylorgianfermi: @realdonaldtrump is marvelous for calling out the notorious bozo @rosie. never laughed so hard. @bjkizer74: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016 america needs a potus with balls to stop america from being a worldwide laughingstock. @bjkizer74: mr.trump i love that you are crushing the #cowardinchief on social media. as a former marine i have zero respect for #obummer. @deanna lea : @celebritytroll true but america is starved for leadership and he s our best option. ted cruz etc are canned rhetoric. @brad202b: i can t believe they let her back on the view she s god awful as....well anything @realdonaldtrump ... @itsryanhilton: i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump to announce that he s running for president. @ma.has anyone mentioned to @realdonaldtrump that celebrity apprentice is a brilliant concept?celeb egos feed content. masses eat it up! @1kathleen75: @realdonaldtrump @tmz politics because you won t take crap from anyone who tries to hurt us i truly believe this. true! @iluvmorso: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to see the apprentice - it s back finally on january 4th. @jennifer75ar: @realdonaldtrump @1kathleen75 @tmz politics i believe that too! run dt! please! @tylerthekicker: donald trump by mac miller will forever be a great song. @kellymckayshow: @leezagibbons @debbiegibson @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump awesome. ill be watching. kick some butt! @msvivicafox: @leezagibbons @jules 2010 @apprenticenbc @ianziering @lorenzolamas @kevinjonas miss ya too darling! happy holidays! ttys. @sintianiej: @realdonaldtrump @1kathleen75 @tmz politics oh yes the next president of united states .my president donald trump . in 2016 . @jessarrigo: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!! make it happen we need an intelligent leader! #trumpforpresident. lifestyle unveils trump home brand in gcc via @tradearabia. success is dependent on effort. - sophocles. via newsmax. nice article thank you so much. so sad that burt reynolds has lost all of his money. i wish he came to me for advice--he would be rich as hell! tickets are now available for the 2015 @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral march 4-8:. young entrepreneurs: your success is measured by results. be productive in the face of challenges. setbacks are not fatal. brainpower is the ultimate leverage. keep your focus intact! via @dmregister by @joelaschbrenner: trump to speak at @landexpo in west des moines. via @peoplescompany: real estate magnate donald j. trump to headline 2015 @landexpo in west des moines iowa. yesterday our national debt topped a record 18t. over 44 has accrued under obama. a real mess. its tuesday. how many more the view execs will leak that they want @rosie gone? show is failing. in the very least congress must defund obamas unconstitutional amnesty order. @stewy1510: @realdonaldtrump @thefulldish u should run for president and help us out of it. @amfam2013: @realdonaldtrump @tmz politics you would have my vote donald trump. @samcgirl: @dmartinmmxii @realdonaldtrump i can put politics aside for the sheer love i have for #celebrityapprentice - seriously! @samcgirl: ok people it has to be said: the new season of #celebrityapprentice looks fabulous! @realdonaldtrump i cannot wait!!!!! @striketrump: hey man you re a big role model and my birthday is tomorrow. just wondering if i could get a birthday tweet. i admire you! @lee nall: why not take on the greatest challenge donald trump has ever faced making this country great again now that s a legacy!! @saltytrey: @kellymckayshow @realdonaldtrump @leezagibbons @debbiegibson @apprenticenbc high praise indeed. @kvstravel: @realdonaldtrump as i watch the news mr. trump i m thinking i hope america has had enough of clinton&bush as potus. @holacatarina: if i could meet anyone in the world i d want to meet @realdonaldtrump #lovehim. @hmunjal: .@realdonaldtrump is the best! he s my favorite entrepreneur! thank you. @mrjonathandavis: @realdonaldtrump hi donald! you re awesome smart classy! my mom met u in tahoe and is now in love. @andrew schinds: i d rather be golfing with @realdonaldtrump. @gq murphy: @realdonaldtrump your brand suits are my favorite ! so sharp looking ! looking forward to when i can get another one . @peter bollini: @samcgirl: ok people it has 2b season of #celebrityapprentice looks fabulous! @realdonaldtrump i cannot wait!!!!! @speakingtruth11: @realdonaldtrump @samcgirl me too! i m such a big fan of @brandiglanville !! @kaeladianne97: @realdonaldtrump is the only man fit to run our country. what a knack for politics and business what a man!! thanks. @itsryanhilton: i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump to announce that he s running for president. @jeffferrier: @realdonaldtrump first business book i ever read was the art of the deal as a high schooler in the 80s. been a fan ever since. @louise kruger1: @peter bollini @samcgirl i can t wait for celeb apprentice my favoutite show of all time - love the donald!! @billpickle: i would like to support dt if i knew he was serious about going for it. been disappointed more than once. just watch! @tlrchrstphrbrsn: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. @dawn patrol: @louise kruger1 @peter bollini @samcgirl i can t wait 4 celeb apprentice the donald! finally i ve been waiting 2 long! @dankonservative: @realdonaldtrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn don t you think you are exactly what the u.s. needs?!?! yes! @crowhogan33: so glad i m able to vote now so if @realdonaldtrump runs for president i can vote for him. @hufseyg: @realdonaldtrump i convince my teachers daily why you should run for president. @mrjgp: @realdonaldtrump awesome howard stern interview! @salvato231janet: @realdonaldtrump @tlrchrstphrbrsn you got my vote. @dunkarooney: @realdonaldtrump your cameo in home alone 2 was some top notch stuff you should be in more movies. @kaitlin bunch: @realdonaldtrump do you like the make a wish foundation? yes! @enlightea: the celeb apprentice is the best of both worlds...real business lessons plus very entertaining celebrity stars! can t wait. @bettylovesdogs: @realdonaldtrump -please-when does celebrity apprentice start???? january 4th. @aphonapelma: @realdonaldtrump love to hear those two little words ring through the halls of the white house: you re fired! @majorgoob: #trumpforpresident #presidenttrump @realdonaldtrump. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump @aphonapelma if trump were nominee in 2012 gop landslide . 2016 for the win! @michaelmeram: @realdonaldtrump would treat this country like a business and make us all prosper but with heart! @brian legit: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. your the only one who can fix this mess obama created i agree! @tylerbelawske: @realdonaldtrump @kaitlin bunch then make our wishes come true and run for president!!! @metalfirefrog: @realdonaldtrump @kyleraccio @aphonapelma trump would have my vote hands down. @jdbailey08: @murphytasha and i think @realdonaldtrump should run for president. make it happen sir. @shelbytaylor3: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president i would have hopes for this country again. @saggaswagga: @realdonaldtrump i believe in america and i believe in you mr.trump! you will bring real good change to america! #trump2016. @adamsteinbaugh: @realdonaldtrump please please please make my dreams come true by running for president and winning. @masterbaxter8: rosie & obama have something in common both disasters and both made a huge mistake messing with trump. #trump2016. @mikerugg1: @realdonaldtrump is the man america needs #trump2016. @ovotim: @realdonaldtrump you should definitely run for president and fix this country. @gibsonluke7: @realdonaldtrump donald trump-2016-all the way. @kenjlthomson: @realdonaldtrump @mikerugg1 for the love of the rev norman vincent peale. do it! @hotdamsel2: @realdonaldtrump yeah please run for president we need some serious change and someone who cares about our country in office! @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump i think you should be time s person of the year. @christina820x: @brandiglanville can t wait to see you on apprentice!!! @nbcnews @realdonaldtrump. @amegarity: @realdonaldtrump was down in doonbeg on sunday stunning place any chance of a good deal on a room for me and my good wife. @worrywarto: @foxnews @cnn @yahoonews @abcnews now that he s a lame duck & doesn t need your vote any longer the real obama is out! true. each excellent thing once learned serves for a measure of all other knowledge. - philip sidney. @jagbarron finally get to watch one of my favorite shows again trailer looks good #celebrityapprentice. the cast of the new season of apprenticenbc. premieres january 4th on nbc. with magnificent views @trumpchicago is the perfect venue to host impact events & business meetings. ring in 2015 in downtown new yorks most elite 5 star hotel. @trumpsoho offers 46 luxurious stories of excellence. congress must pass a budget and hold obama to it. no more continuing resolutions and no more excuses. republicans soon hold both houses. state department has not revoked a single passport of isis americans we should send them to gitmo for some r&r. broken borders 18t debt obamacare failing & over budget. dont worry our president is still fundraising priorities. keep your focus global and you may very well find yourself ahead of the game. trump never give up. you cant wear a blindfold in business. a regular part of your day should be devoted to expanding your horizons. trump: how to get rich. @realpro4real: the best advice you can get in a book! trump: the art of the deal @erictrump. @bucezoxisesu: @realdonaldtrump reading an all time favorite trump: the art of the deal! a must read! @raisingarlic: @realdonaldtrump just set my dvr to record celebrity apprentice jan. 4 don t want to miss a second!! great. @baileyandy69: @saggaswagga @wayneaschneider donald trump would be an amazing president because he s not gonna sugar coat anything. #trump. @tpratt31:just saw the iconic donaldtrump while watching #homealone2 and he looks exactly the same 22 years later! what s in the ny water? @dkielbiski: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville @speakingtruth11 @samcgirl donald trump always gets it right! brandiglanville is awesome. @vidopisugam: rt @realdonaldtrump the weak jokers who so badly hurt great penn state university should have fought the ncaa. @coltswynn: the donald did it right at trump national doral. beautiful course. thanks. @dietztaa 9: if donald trump ran for president he d have my vote based on his twitter account alone. @tacosandmore @realdonaldtrump just rocked trump collection for interview. great shirts thanks. via nytimes what s your ideal gadget? .@newsmax by @melaniebatley: donald trump tells why he s eyeing the white house.i ll tell you why he could win. looking forward to speaking at prestigious @theeconomicclub on december 15th. obama is giving social security & obamacare to illegals yet wants to cut military benefits disgrace! failure has a thousand explanations. success doesn t need one. - alec guinness. #tbt with james lipton on the set of @apprenticenbc. i never gave anybody hell! i just told the truth and they thought it was hell. -- harry s. truman. entrepreneurs: you have to have passion. if you love your work success will follow. entrepreneurs: believe in yourself! if you don t no one else will either. @mogainc @realdonaldtrump @celebapprentice when is the new season starting? i can t wait any longer....#celebrityapprentice january 4th. @adidasfevernova: @realdonaldtrump hey donald - where can i purchase a #trump2016 campaign shirt? any details soon? @cc1285: @realdonaldtrump please run for president !!! so many clueless people in leadership roles that have no business being there !! @chris r 2014: i will step over them to buy a @realdonaldtrump tie. @mmayer87: @brandiglanville @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i can t wait to watch the show! january 4th. @chris r 2014: @realdonaldtrump @mmayer87 @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc looks like a great cast. the show is incredible. can t wait! @thereelchrislee: @realdonaldtrump @mmayer87 @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc best show on television. @steff17brown: my biggest hero will forever be @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 thank you. @cfdmthompson: great day at trump national charlotte. loved the renovations. @realdonaldtrump. @li:can t wait to meet! donaldtrump will deliver keynote @icsc ny national deal making conference on dec 8. #nyconf. @sundropaholic: finally @apprenticenbc returns! @realdonaldtrump rescues the winter tv schedule. our house never misses it. great! @a roy0317: the celebrity apprentice is back january 4th and i can t wait to see @realdonaldtrump pick people apart in the boardroom. @kyle diehl34: the next celebrity apprentice cast is @realdonaldtrump true! @fasttracktalent: @realdonaldtrump booked @terrellowens for @apprenticenbc ?? i have to watch this!! #apprentice #getyourpopcornready. @jackwitty: @wharton @ivankatrump ur a smart lady.hope @realdonaldtrump bcomes potus.know he s busybut.....! @southpaw 08: @realdonaldtrump for president!!!! @steveaustin36: @brandiglanville @realdonaldtrump @mmayer87 @apprenticenbc best reality show on tv. @teresalynnarthu: @brandiglanville @mmayer87 @apprenticenbc it s about time the date was announced! i love this show! #celebrityapprentice. @starsentlive: #celebrityapprentice is back! here s a preview w @kevinjonas @ianziering. @victahh11: @realdonaldtrump: entrepreneurs: believe in yourself! if you don t no one else will either. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait to watch you on @foxandfriends tomorrow. i m sure you have some wise thoughts about #ericgarner. @adamhasasneh: @scott marx: can t wait to see @realdonaldtrump run for president and win #trump2016 @matthewmercer7. @josethepaisa: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump do you know how sad it s to have a potus that ignored remembrance of pearl harbor?so un patriotic. @mynameislong1: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @app master12: @realdonaldtrump would get my vote for president any day!!! #america. @fgthegman: @realdonaldtrump @starsentlive @kevinjonas @ianziering what???? no gary busey?? love the show! i m sure it ll be great!! @liammckercher: @realdonaldtrump we need @realdonaldtrump to be president. i ll be on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. so much to talk about! they should close down rolling stone magazine after the phony rape charge story. university of virginia should sue them for big bucks! @shoot69towin: i went to doral over the holidayshave to say it was everything i expected a trump facility to be. staff is exceptional. @wps1879ltd: we are spending the day at the #nyconf and look forward to the keynote presentation from @realdonaldtrump great! @foxandfriends:should #cia torture tactics documents be released? @realdonaldtrump weighs in:. on schedule for 2016 completion @trumpvancouver s 57 story twisting tower will be the icon of vancouvers skyline. home of @pgatours @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral represents all that is miami: energy glamour innovation & luxury. congratulations to @trumppanama for being named one of the best of vip access hotels for 2014 by @expedia! via @starsentlive by nick ricko: @kevinjonas @ianziering in celebrity @apprenticenbc first look. the cia report should not be released. puts our agents & military overseas in danger. a propaganda tool for our enemies. congratulations to @billcassidy on a decisive win this past saturday. bill will be a pro-growth & pro-energy senator. when you have exhausted all possibilities remember this - you haven t. -- thomas a. edison. obama opposes sanctions on iran they are laughing at kerry & obama! our country and our leaders are getting dumber all the time. now they are about to release full documentation on torture. will destroy cia. @chefmedz: 2016 gotta happen @realdonaldtrump. wow @golfmagazine just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year. even better they stated it may be best of all time! thank you @golfmagazine for your fantastic review of the blue monster at trump national doral - best u.s. resort renovation - & all time. @patricktrushell: serious today..had to break out the @realdonaldtrump tie for this deal today.. looks great! @legendisland: @realdonaldtrump the nick saban of business!! @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump the view was terrible today. i feel sad for abc! rosie killed what was once a very good show - no ratings! @stationaryspace: @realdonaldtrump @golfmagazine trump for president! @timessquarehero: @realdonaldtrump great job today on @foxandfriends. @biggdaddy1989: @realdonaldtrump @golfmagazine very nice!! @lotuschild32: @realdonaldtrump @kyleraccio rosie just sucks the life and intelligence out of everywhere she goes. #theview. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump biggest mistake of 2014 was abc rehiring @rosie. @savehicno1: @realdonaldtrump @stationaryspace @golfmagazine you have my vote donald. .@golfmagazine is great thanks! @thebrianm: @realdonaldtrump @kyleraccio i can t believe they haven t fired rosie yet. they will soon! @michaelmeram: @realdonaldtrump @kyleraccio this war with @rosie is halarious. @realdonaldtrump keeps roasting her she starts i finish! @warrencasselljr: @realdonaldtrump you are a rockstar! no just someone who wants to see things done right but thanks! sorry @rosie is a mentally sick woman a bully a dummy and above all a loser. other than that she is just wonderful! @eggmac1: @realdonaldtrump: wow just rated the renovation of the blue monster the best of the year. just played it today it was great. @pianobecca: when all is said & done we need a smart man a couragious man a sensible man & a businessman. that man is @realdonaldtrump! @bernardv777: @realdonaldtrump @pianobecca you are and always will be the man! please run! @savehicno1: @realdonaldtrump yes mr. trump your a shoe in to win. run donald run. @wendijo24: @realdonaldtrump so excited for #celebrityapprentice looks like a great group of people!! @carriagewayguy: @realdonaldtrump run donald you ve mastered everything else in life now the white house awaits! @fackinpeter: i don t care what @time says @realdonaldtrump is my person of the year. @golfrecruiter: @tigerwoods to design 18 hole course at #akoya #oxygen @realdonaldtrump #dubai can t wait to visit... a fantastic place! @realdarrin: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for celeb apprentice 7!!! @pipo442: @realdonaldtrump @fackinpeter @time you are the soul of nyc. thank you! @abaker20: @realdarrin i m so excited for this upcoming season of #celebrityapprentice. this looks like it s going to be amazing. we re missing a lot of information on autism. support @autismspeaks project by visiting mss.ng #mssng. @damacofficial announces @tigerwoods to create golf course for trump world golf club dubai via @businesswire. via @worldnetdaily by @jerome corsi: donald trump: obamas jobless figures phony. economists agree. with imposing dunes on the rugged aberdeenshire coastline @trumpscotlands championship course is a masterpiece. the longer you play the better chance the better player has of winning. - @jacknicklaus. very sad & dangerous that soon to be ex-intelligence chair dianne feinstein released the cia report. glad she is losing her comm. chair. obamacare continues to increase insurance premiums & raise record deductibles. new congress must use every tool to defund. glad to see romneycare obamacare architect gruber being eviscerated on the hill today. he should return all taxpayer money he was paid. via @golfweekmag by @golfweekbromine: @tigerwoods to design trump course in dubai. @optigan4: @overcaves @realdonaldtrump no one could run our country better 3. @tyler allreddd: well said @realdonaldtrump #obamacare. @overcaves: @optigan4 vote @realdonaldtrump 2016. @mikebayham: watching home alone 2 on amc first time in decades...didn t realize @realdonaldtrump was in it. i was! @dleonaard: donald trump by mac miller never gets old to me. @katilynn paygee: donald trump will forever be the best mac miller song.. @flgorman hb: lunch w donald trump @icsc new york national dealmaking. really good. @iosuahh: it feels good working overtime & knowing your next check is gonna make you feel like donald trump for a day. cute! president obama gruber and all of the other obama cronies got obamacare passed by lies and fraudulent statements. courts should overturn! @keeli munkres: @realdonaldtrump for president. @murphysociety: @realdonaldtrump @tyler allreddd and you wonder why everyone wants you as president? @golanlernerm: rt @realdonaldtrump: @coltswynn: the donald did it right at trump national doral. beautiful course. @optimu @tigerwoods partners with @realdonaldtrump on dubai course set to open in 2017 @espn. @zandio: @realdonaldtrump where is the leadership to calm our senses as these protests continue? #stopdividingtheusa. @nottinghams1: @fwproud #johnroberts biggest turncoat of them all. we know what #obamathedestroyer is but jr pretends to be #conservative. @tweetbarryb: looking good in vegas today @realdonaldtrump. @insidegolfnews: @tigerwoods and @realdonaldtrump have drafted plans for a new championship golf course. @jlanderson1999: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016! @harpers1niter: @realdonaldtrump let s just put you in the white house now. @accidental boss: mr. donald trump for president we need a leader who is smart for once #donaldtrumpforprez @realdonaldtrump. @thetyler s: .@realdonaldtrump your line in home alone 2 is my favorite part of the entire film. @michh amber: seriously if there is one person on earth who can save our country it is @realdonaldtrump ! please run for president. @getawaysgolf: if i could write one book in the next 5 years it would be following the donaldtrump and @tigerwoods partnership in dubai. @zackbaird52: @realdonaldtrump for president in 2016 you have my vote. @bbcoachkk: @realdonaldtrump @thetyler s who needs sleep when your the one and only #donaldtrump ? @youxia88: good idea. rt @realdonaldtrump: @harpers1niter: @realdonaldtrump let s just put you in the white house now. @illstaygolden: @realdonaldtrump is the man. thanks. @alexbrochesmtv: want to see real change america? get donald in the white house and see a true american businessman fix this economy!!!! @ronmeier123: the strongest leader in this world and beyond is the man who is a forward thinker! mr.trump for president in 2016! @shawnrss: @realdonaldtrump donald trump will end poverty! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump donald trump will make america strong again! like it used to be! #tump2016 so true! @joelleangeli: donaldtrump for president! give someone with the knowledge and power to change this country the chance! you d have my vote! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump already lowered the high gas prices next he will restore america s greatness! and no stupid windmills!! @lll3 0: awesome. @brandiglanville australia is screening #celebrityapprentice 12 jan can t wait @arenatv @realdonaldtrump. @pianobecca: first order of business for america is to elect donaldtrump. next is make america strong again! and he is the man to do it! @realsquezz: america will come alive again if only @realdonaldtrump is voted in. #presidenttrump2016. @donnafins: @realdonaldtrump america needs a potus who builds golf courses not hangs out on them! please become our next potus! @fiteswithheart: @realdonaldtrump in a ny minute! @dhammie0897: looking forward to a great weekend @trumplasvegas @realdonaldtrump ...hearing outstanding things about this @trumpcollection. @joelde: you rt ing these is the equivalent to band s tweeting good reviews. do you ever tire of patting yourself on the back? no never! @mike cena2015: @realdonaldtrump i would vote for you mr trump & i don t even vote ... @bereasonable2: @realdonaldtrump @gpoch918 yes please vote for him in 2 yrs. @cherelynn: @realdonaldtrump @lll3 0 @brandiglanville @arenatv congratulations to you all! @itsryanhilton: vote @realdonaldtrump for a no bs president and let s make america the greatest country again. @drjamescabot: @realdonaldtrump @joelleangeli rock n roll back in the oval... trump 2016... @sirmikeadams: why would trump run for president? he likes to be able to get things done government doesn t. it can all change! @timbowoods: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. icymi @nyposts @loisweiss described my monday @icsc speech @javitscenter as one of my best and most riveting. looking forward to being hosted & interviewed next monday by david rubenstein at the @theeconomicclub. via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: trump adds events to his iowa trip next month. via @citizens united: donald trump to speak at the iowa freedom summit in des moines on january 24th. romneycare obamacare architect gruber apologized for his comments. he should apologize for the 2t monstrosity & return all taxpayer money. generals don t panic then the troops never panic. - @shaq. durst is a disaster at operating the new world trade center. it takes forever for workers or visitors to get in with impossible security. people are really unhappy with the endless security checks at the new world trade center. durst is a terrible manager. tenants furious! conde nast made a big mistake going into the world trade center. the place is a total disaster and i feel this is only the beginning! @azigmann: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president. @bestbergerever: @realdonaldtrump i agree! durst is the worst! wish you could fire him mr. trump. @jimrobbins1973: donaldtrump. the new world trade center is probably target #1 for terrorists. that s the reason for the maximum security. @al4uk: @realdonaldtrump was in chicago and saw your sign on your building. it looks great!! @killianzane: let @realdonaldtrump run out country. @timbowoods: @realdonaldtrump mr trump i always enjoy your calls to the howard stern show. when can we expect your next one? soon! @nathangc: @realdonaldtrump saw the trailer for apprentice... bring it on! @killianzane: i ll be the vp for @realdonaldtrump when he is president you would be better than what we have now! @savehicno1: mr. trump i think you ought to do an apprentice show for people to come up for a winning stradegy for you to run in 2016. @m sallis: @realdonaldtrump what is the completion date for the #vancouverproperty #trumpvancouver soon! @bentrawlins @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump riding that tiger as we speak! great! entrepreneurs: view any conflict as an opportunity. being positive could lead you into a fortunate situation. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. and never give up! entrepreneurs: cover your bases. know everything you can about what you re doing. then go with your gut. your instincts r there for a reason. i will miss @letterman & doing his show. he was always intriguing & smart. you never knew what would happen -- but he was fair! obama & democrat leaders did a great disservice by releasing the papers on torture. the world is laughing at usthey think we are fools! policy towards our enemies: hit them hard hit them fast hit them often & then tell them it was because they are the enemy! via @11alivenews by @jenniferjjacobs: trump heads to iowa as 16 speculation rises. via @breitbartnews by @pamkeynen: trump: obamacare not working for business going to collapse. central parks top locale @trumprink is open throughout the holidays. our skating school is excellent & acclaimed. @maxtucci: @ucfoundation #maralago you have the best staff.. it s always a pleasure doing events at your home. @pianobecca: this is the kind of atitude that made for the grate men in history napolion alexander the great richard ect donaldtrumprules! @bentrawlins: @realdonaldtrump hitting the ice over at @trumprink ! world class!! @itsryanhilton: i honestly can t wait fortrump to announce he is running for president - a strong no bs leader who will put america 1st. @pianobecca: nothing more important for america to do then get it s house in ordure that means dump obama pronto elect mr.trump asap! #prez. @the lady colors: @realdonaldtrump @itsryanhilton he would be the very best of what this country needs today! @redvetttes: @realdonaldtrump @itsryanhilton if he tells china where to go he has my vote. #tbt my confirmation picture at first presbyterian church in jamaica ny. if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss? these islamists chop americans heads off and want to destroy us. we should be applauding the cia not persecuting them. trump tiger team up to create stunning golf course in dubai via @newsmax media by @jlorenz. @peterday20: @realdonaldtrump love how you speak your mind well somebody has to! @pianobecca: i am going to vote for @realdonaldtrumpin 2016 because we need a leader with vision! @leezagibbons: @ianziering congrats on @chainsawbrands ! donaldtrump must be proud ! #sharknado way to go @ianziering you are a winner! @jvas1110: @realdonaldtrump trump for president !!!! the terrorists cut off the heads of americans and laugh then want to sell us the bodies for 1000000. we fight over sleep deprivation! @constancemcn: @realdonaldtrump: donald i am in love and admire you! run for president in 2016 and all will be well! when terrorists are beheading and executing american citizens in such a brutal waythe report on torture should be the least of our concerns. @everclear king: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. isn t it interesting that immediately after september 11th everybody was asking for and indeed demanding torture of any kind. no reports! @vikkitb: @realdonaldtrump is so right with everything he is saying run... please run for president. some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world.the marines don t have that problem.- ronald reagan. @toptv005: @vikkitb he was th very first one to warn people about barack hussein obama & people blamed him? well he was right! @yochambers: @realdonaldtrump @toptv005 @vikkitb we ve had 16 years of bad presidents..war terrorism bad economy etc... @danscavino: .@realdonaldtrump rt: @tmz sports: tiger woods -- i m working for donald trump! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump when will you anounce your running for presedent? thousands-- milllions-- have baited breath we need you! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump is so right about everything for sure! not olny is he smart he has business experence that makes good #prez. @tray24u1: @realdonaldtrump: if america was under the threat of imminent attack would obama use torture or a kiss? @maximizenetwork: @realdonaldtrump #inspiration thank you! @jackwitty: i don t want a party as my president i want a decisiveconfident leader. @realdonaldtrump will fire china. give us a spark. @ignaciusg: @realdonaldtrump @greta you are awesome sir! thank you for gifting our marine! @onecherfan: @realdonaldtrump @bb1fantambra never thought i d say this but mr trump ur right! @hersheykissling: i d have to say that @realdonaldtrump has one of the best accounts on twitter. @genelingerfelt: the @realdonaldtrump on the #torturereport:. @seankesser: @realdonaldtrump people with bachelor s degrees can t find jobs in #us. and obama wants to bring in more immigrants. @gdestefano95: anyone else like to see trump in office? he s an american patriot with real experience and a huge stake in the economy! @kingof class: @realdonaldtrump hey donald...in love with trump tower on 5th avenue during the holidays! @shoove11: @realdonaldtrump: @rtmartinaz: @realdonaldtrump america could sure use you in 2016 sir! yes please!! @888maggie888: @apprenticenbc i want to see @realdonaldtrump ! he has the best hair in the biz you know! his wife is amazing too! the jets should have let them score to get the number one draft pick who will be really good. it will just never change for them! @jetsbb: @realdonaldtrump that win will have massive ramifications for the next decade. a very bleak day for the @nyjets i agree! @lindsey shanks: #donald bought my favorite #dc building. new hotel coming in 2016 to #pennave @ old post office. @susanmangels: #casev in sunny #chicago with large trump sign outside window. #sheratonchicago. @fomovancouver: the new #celebrityapprentice starts january 4th ... please don t make us wait that long again. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump i think you should be barbara walters most fascinating person of 2014 i agree but have already been twice! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump in love with trump tower too! clearly tower built by man who is strong & abel to serve as our presedent! can you believe that sony chief amy pascal wants to meet with al sharpton to seek forgiveness for her racial slurs. al is laughing at her! no wonder sony is doing so badly. really stupid leadership that wants al sharpton to help. watch him turn the tables on chief amy pascal. @thereval @realdonaldtrump al sharpton loves trump because he knows i get him others don t! check out picture. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - in 10 minutes. have a great day all! @timbowoods: @realdonaldtrump outstanding insight on fox this morning #trumpforpresidemt. @sailing j: @realdonaldtrump you just made me laugh. the sony women is stupid for calling al charlatan. @gabriellamileti: she should be terminated for being stupid. best quote of the day from the @foxandfriends #betterwithfriends. @davidebergstein @allenwest a much needed trump west ticket. opposite of our president 2 straight talkers who understand the enemy world. @alvinkaisi: @realdonaldtrump @bigbobbywatson amy is a sap!! sharpton loves suckers like her! true she is a fool! @ncconserv: @realdonaldtrump great at explaining the ignorance of obama anti-america administration on @foxnews! #tcot #rednationrising. @derekvarsalona: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends listening to you now. you are great. @florencedileo: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends glad you re a part of foxandfriends! @agnesphagnes: @realdonaldtrump one thing about mr.donald trump!he s on target.lets see wht transpires btwn al sharpton & amy pascal. @sgrayva: @realdonaldtrump didn t don imus make that same mistake yes! @romerorobbins: @blarescape3 @foxandfriends mr trump you could return america s business respectability & viability with the world! easy! @keven gr7: @realdonaldtrump i want to live in a u.s. where you are president thank you! @pianobecca: amercia really needs a man like @realdonaldtrump. and why settle for like him? usa needs trump! thanks! @jackshallis: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016. @itsbenhorsfall: @realdonaldtrump i live in australia and am hearing about you maybe running for president is this true? stay tuned! @dpinsen: @realdonaldtrump america needs to be renovated like the wollman rink - and you re the man to do it. @njoh1234: @realdonaldtrump @chadj19 country needs to rise & be great again! so we need great men & leaders at the top!! true! @beatsbyray: @realdonaldtrump you re a legend!! wow! .@zagat named christmas day brunch @trumpchicago @sixteenchicago one of the best in the city! #trumpholidays. looking forward to tonight s conversation w david rubenstein @theeconomicclub. airing live on @cspan at 7pm est. via @washtimes by @harperbulletin: donald trump goes to washington. via @tvgrapevine: @apprenticenbc: premieres sunday january 4 2015. the lights went out at the white house today symbolic of the obama presidency. the cia deserves our praise for taking the fight to the enemy in the dark corners of the world. the cia perseveres the politicians whine! 30 million americans are unemployed yet obama has set up workshops across the country for illegals to get amnesty. revenge is sweet and not fattening. - alfred hitchcock. via @dailymail by @chriskitching: luxury penthouse at @trumpchicago skyscraper sells for record 17m. @l3nny85: incredible interview @megynkelly i hope @senjohnmccain was watching. cc: @realdonaldtrump @wolfblitzer #torturereport #truth. how many more times do we all have to watch and pay for that stupid and never ending #smokeybearhug commercial. how much is govt. spending? @tpratt31: do your fellow patriots proud and run @realdonaldtrump run! #weneedapatriot #1600pennsylvaniaave #2016 #patriotwithabrain. @matthewclement4: @realdonaldtrump for president. @ferlpb: @realdonaldtrump government should spend that on fighting isis. run for president donald. you can do it. @rightwingmerca: @realdonaldtrump for president. @scottishrecipes: we have added macleod house in aberdeen @trumpscotland to our best restaurants in scotland page at. @getsthrubuckner: america needs @realdonaldtrump. @kyle 42120: @realdonaldtrump for president. #2016 #realchange. @kyle 42120: donald trump @realdonaldtrump running for #president? yes please! #youhavemyvote. ice skaters invade mar-a-lago as snow falls on palm beach salvation army ball! via @gossipextra. with miamis top #newyearseve vacation package @trumpdoral is the perfect option to celebrate the start of 2015. see yourself as victorious! that will focus you in the right direction. trump never give up. c-span conversation with donald trump economic club of washington dc. donald trump on jeb bush: the last thing we need is another bush via @fox5newsdc by @emilymiller. the last thing this country needs is another bush! via @mailonline by @dmartosko: president trump? says there s a very substantial chance he ll run in 2016. obama attacks the cia for waterboarding while routinely droning civilians caught in the islamist crosshairs. obama has admitted that he spends his mornings watching @espn. then he plays golf fundraises & grants amnesty to illegals. via @thescotsman: donald trumps @trumpturnberry plan gets go-ahead. via @wbjonline by @wbjholan: donald trump hints at presidential run promises great luxury hotel for d.c. tweet me your new year s resolution to make america great again! #trumpnewyearsres. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. i cant believe the great @wjcarter got canned by @nytimes. he was a fantastic reporter & really knew entertainment. he will be missed! story written by a @huffingtonpost reporter that the huffpost refused to print. total bias but we will prevail! my @foxnews int with @teamcavuto on the state of world affairs economy the bushes etc. .@washingtonpost by @oconnellpostbiz:donald trump lands @chefjoseandres for old post office flagship restaurant. via @golfdigest by @lukekerrdineen: @michaelbreed to open golf academy at donald trumps @trumpferrypoint. via @abc by @jonkarl & @jordynphelps: donald trump says jeb bush is the last thing we need. in charlottesville va @trumpwinery is virginias largest winery with 200 acres of french vinifera varieties. after destroying the middle east & our economy the bushes last gift was having justice roberts legalize obamacare. no more bushes! via @newsmax media by @owentew: donald trump: last thing we need is another bush. #trumpvlog #theinterviewmovie a sad day for freedom of speech-. @marleykush : vote donald trump for president!!!!!!!!!! @realdonaldtrump. @teeroyd: @realdonaldtrump you told america what needs to happen with china trade jobs ect..so you need to run - 2016! @eileenjael: @realdonaldtrump @carrienguns do you think the bushes knew justice roberts was going to pull an obamacare stunt like that? @dxdelafu: rt @realdonaldtrump: the last thing this country needs is another bush! or another clinton. @rebelgirl1213: @realdonaldtrump @carrienguns america cannot survive another bush! #nomorebush. @karenmonsour12: @realdonaldtrump @vote4wallace come on mr. trump we need you! otherwise what you enjoy doing right now won t exist! @jhauganiii: sounds gr8 mt @jennyrogersdc: jose andres to run the primary restaurant at @realdonaldtrump s old post office hotel. @rblairbrown: this sentiment of just give in easily wouldn t exist if we had a trump presidency in place. run mr trump... we need you! @earlallencarr: @realdonaldtrump that s why we need and want you to run for president. @jeremywinder: we need @realdonaldtrump in office. guide this country back to its roots!! congratulations @trumpsoho for making @cntraveler s #goldlist2015! we fully support @saveculzean in turnberry--great for beauty & tourism. wind turbines are death to environment. i ll be co-hosting @extratv tonight. be sure to tune in! #tbt it is great being part of home alone 2 a holiday staple. will be interviewed tonight at 7 by @greta re sony & bush. must watch @ivankatrump interview on @gma discussing #girlpower. @nmoralesnbc @thomasaroberts to host 63rd annual @missuniverse via @thewrap by @anthonymaglio. premiering jan. 4th the record 14th seasons @apprenticenbc cast is the nastiest yet major boardroom fireworks! my @yahoo power players interview with @jonkarl inside donald trumps new digs on pennsylvania avenue. great @foxbusiness interview with @erictrump on @teamcavuto discussing the real estate economy & 2016. via @scotlandnow: donald trump starts 250million overhaul on @trumpturnberry golf resort. must read @conservreview article by @jeffjlpa1: jeb bush and the outsiders. @brian zajac @realdonaldtrump i m looking forward to staying @trumpchicago tonight! i have heard wonderful things. great--enjoy! amy pascal of sony was totally used by rev. al sharpton. she should be fired for stupidity. the movie may be garbage but we cant let a foreign country dictate to us what to watch. @sonypictures. my @wendywilliams appearance re sony atlantic city @apprenticenbc & 2016 always love going on wendys show! another clip from my @greta interview discussing why sony should not have capitulated to the hackers no courage! pigs get slaughtered again. ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to 400k in legal fees after trump trial victory. should have settled ft lauderdale plaintiffs must pay me close to 400k in legal fees after trump trial victory. not so smart after all man with name on duke law library must pay me legal fees after trump trial victory. @mcveighkevin my @realdonaldtrump illustration as seen in audience of the @wendywilliams show! great job! @wartenberghans @joshuablack2014 one of the many things i admire about you mr. trump is that you aren t afraid to speak your mind. true! @seeclyde1 mr. trump i believe sir we can take this country back and make it greater than it s ever been before! god bless you! thanks. my @greta interview discussing why we do not need another bush. obama now wants to deny due process to the police. hell give all constitutional rights to the terrorists but not our cops. if only obama would treat @israelipm @netanyahu with the same respect he awards tyrants. very strange & dangerous for our national security. a clinton already defeated a bush. the definition of insanity is doing the same thing twice & expecting a different result. #flashbackfriday just after i did my renovation in central park of @trumprink -. romney was the architect of obamacare. bushs chief justice legalized the monstrosity. notice a trend? the way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. walt disney. via @townhallcom by @matttowery: why trump should run. be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. push yourself you can do it. think big! @savannahmcpeek: i really hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president.he would definitely have my vote! patriotism at it s finest!! #trump2016. @veryodddog: i hope @realdonaldtrump runs in 2016! we need new blood and mr trump is the one to do it! you will have my vote sir! @sakrev: @realdonaldtrump @erotao @israelipm @netanyahu mr trump it is undeniable that obama hates israel. @rajeevicha: @realdonaldtrump @veryodddog quite agree. need to see mr trump more in public life. @jj55334767: @realdonaldtrump please save the united states of america. i know you can get the country back on the right track again. @000hermansjr000: @golfdigest richly deserved #trump.looking forward to grander news in 2015.you are the epitome of inspiration. @tearsofthedying: @realdonaldtrump this will be our year to shine. @feyerwoman74: you sir are inspiring and what the country needs for a leader. we need a proven businessman who is a born leader! @harveypelovsky: @realdonaldtrump. we need you badly to run for president. you are a patriot and we desperately need one. run!!!!!!!!!! @gclass914: thanks for the good word @realdonaldtrump. @jebbushisaidiot: the only candidates i would vote for president in 16 are @senrandpaul or @realdonaldtrump. @vladimirrussia7: @realdonaldtrump :be sure to set exceptional goals for your 2015 resolutions. push yourself you can do it. think big! @frickylie: @realdonaldtrump so excited for new season of celebrity apprentice. been a big fan since like 4th grade great! @christophercud1: @realdonaldtrump you can walk away with this job: go go. @christophercud1: @realdonaldtrump forget the rest no one is up to speed on this run for president but you. so take it from the babys !!! @100beachbumapp: @realdonaldtrump run donald - run! @christophercud1: @realdonaldtrump you are the best republican for the job. your the only one clean you need no one s money. @mloughlin: this country needs @realdonaldtrump to run for president. @etownsend739: mr. trump today is my birthday. my wish is for you to run for president and get this country headed in the right direction. @felicecori: @realdonaldtrump. i like when someone who does not need money is getting into politics. @stkhlder3: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump can not wait!!!!! fav is @brandiglanville !!!!! @gaildemarest: @realdonaldtrump i agree mr.trump should run for presidenthas brains and integrityplease get this country back on track. @eyedusa: @realdonaldtrump you are the only man to save america! @susanandrews12: can t wait rt @apprenticenbc: its the nastiest ive ever seen. @realdonaldtrump on this season of #celebapprentice. will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning - monday - at 8:00. much to talk about! @lanejh: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i always watch your monday morning interviews on fox and they are all fantastic. trump for potus! @mrcharlietoldme: 17th hole at trump l.a. beautiful track. @realdonaldtrump @regional bank. @moniquehorsey: i really admire @realdonaldtrump. thank you! @drjamescabot: @lovusa4: 6 psychiatrists all from harvard... trump on verge of genius... perry average or below iq..can t absorb data fast. on @foxandfriends in two minutes! @shmann55:donaldtrump good morning mr. trump just heard you on @foxandfriends. el presidente holder sharpton have set race back 30 years. @stacielarson777: @foxandfriends im waiting....4..president trump!!!!!! : ...i love when u come on fox n friends!! good morning.. @rick royer: @realdonaldtrump on point as always. @aplemonlemon: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter. @denn: donaldtrump has one of the best twitters out there. love him or hate him the man gets it . very important for modern leaders imo. @jamersonhayes: yes @realdonaldtrump please run for president! #trumpsupporter. @bernardv777: @realdonaldtrump @aplemonlemon you would be what the country needs a true buisnessman! an american citizin that really cares! entrepreneurs: realize that becoming an entrepreneur is not a group effort. you re in charge. everything starts with you. entrepreneurs: use your imagination. use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. entrepreneurs: whatever happens you re responsible. if it doesn t happen you re responsible. plan a perfect weekend for the holidays in nyc s hottest neighborhood using @trumpsohos 20 offer. congrats @trumpdoral for being named one of the most notable openings of 2014 from @bizbash:. so excited to have @santanacarlos performing at the 2015 #cadillacchampionship at @trumpdoral:. @lanaedwards77: @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for #celebrityapprentice to begin! should be interesting... entrepreneurs: realize that fear is the exact opposite of faith. resolve to be bigger than your problems. who s the boss? entrepreneurs: absorb assess and then act. don t negate your own power. whatever you ve been dealt know you can deal with it. negotiation is an art. treat it like one. @mrs jpg: rt @realdonaldtrump: negotiation is an art. treat it like one. @cpcoasterguy94: always caught off guard when @realdonaldtrump makes the appearance in home alone 2. @its tsize: never realized that @realdonaldtrump was in home alone 2 the man does everything #trump2016. @matablets: without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing -donald trump lean from the best! @linsey gile: wise words spoken by donald trump: sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. @rpoole1954: @realpro4real @realdonaldtrump doesn t get much better than that! trump and tiger on golf!#dubai. dummy bill maher did an advertisement for the failing new york times where the picture of him is very sad-he looks pathetic bloated & gone! @liquidkowboy: @realdonaldtrump we need someone to make america america again.you have my vote for 2016 #2016election #usa #nomoreclintons. @fa6891e38f8f4bf donaldtrump please take me serious america needs u more now than ever we r at crossroads no more bush s in wh or we r done. @henrylewski: @realdonaldtrump i hope in the next couple of years i can call you. mr. president. @mikeolmusic: celebrity apprentice. i hope nbc has all the episodes online since i got rid of my lousy ass rip off time warner cable. @tangoechoalpha: @realdonaldtrump ..who the f is bill maher? nobody really! @mikeolmusic:i absolutely love your family mr. trump. i m a humongous admirer of you and your family. can t wait to see the next season. @bisignano912704: @realdonaldtrump liberal rag is done. @max dub12: still one of my all time favorite cameos. down the hall and to the left @realdonaldtrump #homealone #classic. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump loser newspaper & loser comedian! @garrett cox: mr. trump very excited for the new season of the celebrity apprentice! incredible show always top level television. @nancypa14679248: @realdonaldtrump @bisignano912704 happy holiday to you and your loved onesgod bless thank you! @lucyjen33: @realdonaldtrump very excited for the new season of apprentice. a very diverse group of individuals. @yungcarps: i believe in @realdonaldtrump 2016. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump is the man! he get s things done! america is lost & donald trump is the savior we have all been praying for! @bernardcastro3: @realdonaldtrump wishing you happy holidays. can t wait for the #celebrityapprentice to start in january. @n7 batchelor: what @realdonaldtrump had to say about al sharpton was spot on. wish more americans would speak their minds about him. @jjbentleyartist: @realdonaldtrump if you are president i would hope this kind of honest commentary would remain. @odedonrealitytv: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc my birthday s jan. 3 & #celebapprentice returns jan. 4. nice birthday present. @realpro4real: my christmas wish! trump for pres. in 2016 @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. latin americas tallest building @trumppanama is the perfect getaway location to celebrate the new year in luxury. via @newsmax media by alana marie burke: donald trump 2016: 7 key political positions. @inboxleekersey: @realdonaldtrump i m 46 years old and i have never voted. if you ran for president i would vote for you. thank you! @rickjones220: @realdonaldtrump full support. @nickzizzo77: i m not calling @realdonaldtrump out or anything but how about you run for president?! watch! @jimmycapo65: @realdonaldtrump i would work ur campaign and u wouldn t even have to pay me happy holidays! @jackshallis: @realdonaldtrump if u ran for president i would vote for you! @jenniii0rozco: @realdonaldtrump @inboxleekersey i keep saying you should run for president! @vladimirrussia7: @realdonaldtrump merry christmasmy favorite billionaire! thanks! @matttemplin: @realdonaldtrump i m waiting for the day i can put a check mark next to your name for president. @mooovin on: no bush no clinton no rinos no golfing no more handouts!! it s got to be @realdonaldtrump. time for #trump2016. @mrinsaf: @realdonaldtrump plz run for president. @tnyankeefan35: @realdonaldtrump get it done donald! #merryrolltidechristmas. @alangnahz: @realdonaldtrump @mooovin on i have been waiting for the day to vote you for president ever since i read the art of the deal. @luckyblue02: @realdonaldtrump merry christmas! i m raising funds for st. jude children s research hospital. @theinfinitus1: @drjamescabot @trumppanama incredible building... a must trip to panama! black sand beaches exotic people what a vibe! @notnottildaswin: @realdonaldtrumpalways admired you. you are the man who ll fight for the american dream! @fsdiva06: santa...all i want for christmas. 1.my kids to be healthy 2.to pay off all our debt be debt free 3. donaldtrump become president. @titletown899004: @realdonaldtrump @tamkyn @mooovin on well then run and i ll vote for you. merry christmas! @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump has brains! trump has organization! trump has our intrests at heart! and he has real republican values! @coalcitizens: all i want for christmas is @realdonaldtrump to run for president! @savehicno1: @realdonaldtrump @mooovin on i will gladly be your campaign manager donald i wanted you to be president last election. @barrman: @realdonaldtrump you should run for president! @great cudi: @realdonaldtrump merry christmas to my favorite billionaire! : cute same! @ stepharv32: @realdonaldtrump @mooovin on have a great christmas @realdonaldtrump you re a true inspiration. thanks! so many people think i will not run for president.wow i wonder what the response will be if i do. even the haters and losers will be happy! merry christmas to all - have a fantastic day year and life! the world with great leadership will become a much more beautiful place! @randallburton20: @realdonaldtrump merry christmas you to mr trump hope we can find those leaders. @moniquehorsey: @realdonaldtrump merry christmas! hope you and your beautiful family have a fantastic day. thank you. @replaybeatles: @realdonaldtrump hope you are part of that leadership! merry christmas to you and your family. @vivianbrown21: @realdonaldtrump a big job to recover from this administration.... around the world! ! merry christmas to you & family! ! @abanoubabdel: @realdonaldtrump trump for president 2016. @sassypantsjj: merry christmas! can t wait 4 celebrity apprenctice my favorite show on tv need more than 1 a year! i will ep it for you! @kbssidhu1961: @realdonaldtrump just do it! @thegre8 1: please run for president would be a better choice than @mittromney seeing @pennjillette tomorrow was great on #apprentice. @cisrabbit: not to mention we already had two bush presidents neither of which were too successful. insanity would be to want a third. @steventobiasz: @realdonaldtrump was in home alone 2. @teresayarbor: @realdonaldtrump love that you say #merrychristmas not just happy holidays! @ashtonjfloyd: @realdonaldtrump merry christmas thank you for all of the motivation you have given me in life. you are a very inspiring man. @thatshortkidjoe: merry christmas @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @champagneglam: @politico @realdonaldtrump card was the best. @itsryanhilton: @realdonaldtrump marry christmas to the future president of the united states! well america would be great again. thanks. @cyrus t virus: the only thing i asked for as xmas gifts this year are a @realdonaldtrump presidential campaign and a bofa! #trump2016. @masterbaxter8: @realdonaldtrump you can t lose in 2015 or 2016. merry christmas. @garyleelogan1: @realdonaldtrump ...i heard ya might run in 2016....we the people need a president..not one like owebumma ! @benfromdallas: if i tweet anything in 2015 it should be @realdonaldtrump for president if the world wants to see another 20 years. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump is xmas present i want 2016! not just a happy holiday! the most importent day in the world if #trump is prez! @sukhyjaveed: merry christmas would one like to give the gift of mentoring? i m building my empire & you certainly know how to build them. @sparkleawin: @realdonaldtrump any chance of working w @vincemcmahon again soon... always vince is a great guy and a winner! @frankdimauro: @realdonaldtrump is a great businessman. i learned so much from the art of the deal. best of luck! @tristanmf: @realdonaldtrump trump for president ! trump for america ! #trump2016. @winpropp: @realdonaldtrump time for a great president you are needed urgently. @rachaelmarieabl: i refuse to vote in 2016 unless @realdonaldtrump is running & if he s not i m getting a one way ticket outta here. @itisjohndoe: merry christmas mr but this country can t have a truly merry christmas until you are in the whitehouse as our president. @lizbaregu: @realdonaldtrump you would make a great gop president mr trump! @viksquad: trump tower gorgeous! just like the donald @realdonaldtrump thank you! @vladimirrussia7: @realdonaldtrump and @mcuban and @warrenbuffett are my favorite billionaires and heroes. @lillywinfree: @realdonaldtrump you are so wise!! i cant wait until youre president!! #trumpwinfree2016. @dk barnes1: #nowreading @realdonaldtrump s trump: the art of the deal. @trumplasvegas: it s tangible it s solid it s beautiful. it s artistic from my standpoint and i just love real estate. @realdonaldtrump. @mytowntutors: if youre going to be thinking you may as well think big. donald trump @realdonaldtrump. @benfromdallas: @realdonaldtrump 2016 president. the world needs a real business man. not a political putter from the bush ward. @lizmpizz: off to stay at the trump chicago.. end of the holidays dinner with the fam. @realdonaldtrump @chicagocut. @grantwgates: @espncaddie @trumpdoral i made birdie on #8 last month. enjoy that back nine. great stretch at the end! #trumpdoral. @heidialbertsen: #holidays #friends #palmbeach #maralago @mrsvanessatrump @laraleatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr. @stinger inc: good thing i tuned into this steelers bengals nfl game on nbc as i found out that donald s @apprenticenbc starts next sunday! @danscavino: looking forward 2it - one week from 2nite @apprenticenbc @nbc! look 4ward 2 #joanrivers tribute to! @jon albanese: .@realgilbert on @realdonaldtrump s @apprenticenbc. i really hope gilbert goes on a yelling laughing tirade - cry-laugh. @michiganman567: @ronmeier123 @lookupfolks i would like to see @realdonaldtrump in the debates. his america first ideas need to be heard. @fionacarterr: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016. @crazymamaa: oh wow. celebrity apprentise starts next sunday at 8.. @brandiglanville @realdonaldtrump #excited i watch every year!! @truckncargirl: @fionacarterr trump is the #candidate in #2016. #strong #leaderwho is #opinionated and #fearless need to #vote #trump2016. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016. @shantig tantig: the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if @realdonaldtrump runs for president #weneedyou thanks. @shantig tantig: the only way the usa is going to be saved from destruction is if @realdonaldtrump runs for president #weneedyou. @anniedrews: @followdotch @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump love that show. hope i m out of the hosp in time to catch the premiere. get well! i will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:15 hope you enjoy and agree! @mer 1135: @blakemharris @realdonaldtrump ronald reagan was an actor & look at what a great job he did. @thescroggins12: @realdonaldtrump @mer 1135 @blakemharris trump for president !! your country needs you ! @firehart555: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i ll be watching mr trump. @coolwillie13: @realdonaldtrump you ll definitely carry the south. go for it! #trump2016. @sheryl laine: donaldtrump not one thing about you is not loved. 2016 president! there is hope and where there is hope there is promise. @hwpal: @realdonaldtrump voting for donaldtrump16 is voting for the essence of being american &the value of great capitalism #trump16. can the relationship between the mayor of new york city and the police force ever be fixed? tune in to @foxandfriends at 7:15. @marriamf: my bday just been so perfect so far only way it will be better if my inspiration @realdonaldtrump wishes me happy bday. @twinroj: @realdonaldtrump im british but i sure would vote for you if i was american #trump2016. @drchimrickles: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends please talk about how you maintain such perfect presidential hair! #trump2016. @elephantpeacock: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends nice lil cliff hanger you ve created... much suspense. very edge of seat. wow. @pmuisiner: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends looking forward to his thoughts. @995mu: no once respect is lost it s gone forever always suspicion in any relationship @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends. @paxton pete: please rt? very sick 8 year old british girl with rare cancer needs help to get more treatment. @theonlycdorsey: wearing the @realdonaldtrump signature collection today #lookgoodfeelgoodscangood. @markfleming22: @realdonaldtrump is there any particular celebrity you would want to have on the apprentice? pete rose & let him in hall! @foxandfriends in two minutes. @fackinpeter: just watched you on @foxandfriends while putting on a @realdonaldtrump tie getting ready for work #doubletrump. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump inspiring words on @foxandfriends this morning great job as always. @tpgraf82: @realdonaldtrump great job on @foxandfriends we need you or we will be stuck with another #clinton. @f anne spears: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends always enjoy your common sense. wish the ones in office would use theirs. @paulynesian: you got to love @realdonaldtrump ...enjoyed his inspiring words...all the way from down under! @ramonatila: i enjoyed your book think like a billionaire for the second time. you give very practical advice and it really helps. deals are my art form. other people paint beautifully or write poetry. i like making deals preferably big deals. that s how i get my kicks. if you re going to be thinking you may as well think big. sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. via @newsintheburg: @chefjoseandres to open restaurant in trump intl washington d.c. via @carrgaz: trumps grand plans for @trumpturnberry resort get the green light. donald trump on brutal new season of @apprenticenbc via @yahootv. via @inc by @steelwire: donald trump to micromanage or not to micromanage? if you cant see it it will never happen. bring your vision to fruition through perseverance and hard work. that will build momentum. @krb117: @ivankatrump: @coachdanmullen welcome to #trumpdoral and good luck on wednesday! cc: #orangebowl well well.. #hailstate. @notnottildaswin: @realdonaldtrump mr trump we need your kind of art. the world needs more of your poetry of profit. a true artist! @vrafaaa: @realdonaldtrump what grade 1-10 you give to the reign of gabriela isler ??? greetings from brazil! she gets a solid 10! @bryabntshirley1: @realdonaldtrump yeah donald can t wait to see apprentice been too long. @veryodddog: what s brutal is a nation without the vision interpid leadership & plain common sense of @realdonaldtrumpfor president! .@coachdanmullen great to have you and your great team at trump national doral. go out and finish your fantastic season in style! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrumpyou are the kindest heart in all of usa. you give so much to us & you forgive the haters & loosers! @hebexcursions: @realdonaldtrump tours of lewis and harris with hebridean excursions great places! @gigicats6: am sooo glad that joan r will still be on ca as i m sure all of her fans are. thank you for honoring her this way. @rinibobusepi: rt @realdonaldtrump you re never a loser until you quit trying - mike ditka. @hovg: @robcesternino johnny damon talks @apprenticenbc and working for @realdonaldtrump. #celebapprentice. @ronmeier123 @bryabntshirley1 even the elf on the shelf is starting to get restless! on january 4th the apprentice is going to be great! @realdbp: @realdonaldtrump @rinibobusepi mr. trump will you consider running for president? the country needs you. this sunday at 9 8c the real playoffs begin with the premiere of @apprenticenbc! game on in the boardroom... the trump signature collection exclusively available at @macys tops all menswear styles. dress to impress! wheres the electability? jeb is losing to hrc by 13 points. a bush will never beat a clinton. wake up @gop! sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. @frank puggi: @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump if one man could get this fucking country back together donald trump can. i admire him. @sellingva: @realdonaldtrump: sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. @peter upfield: @realdonaldtrump @frank puggi run donald run! if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop trying to balance them. instead make your work more pleasurable. without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. find work that you love and the energy will be there. in the end you re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish. @brettneveraski: i see you @realdonaldtrump. to everyone including all haters and losers happy new year. work hard be smart and always remember winning takes care of everything! @cpetelis: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president i a democrat will vote for you. watched merideth show on 12 22. @djspookyshadow: feeling a deep gratitude for all the inspiration u had given me through 2014. sincerely wishing u more success to come! @joelmch2os: @realdonaldtrump announce your presidential campaign tonight. we need a leader! #trump4pres. @jobsnarechs: negotiation tip #1: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. - @realdonaldtrump so true! @gillule4: @realdonaldtrump incredible experience at the world famous mar a lago clubhappy new year. @ronmeier123: @macys your apparel is unparalleled! in order to outsmart the rest you always need to be looking your best! trump 2016! @jaayzen: @realdonaldtrump thanks donald. now run for president! fulfill your purpose! to much is given much is required. @teamconquerca: first time in the trump international hotel and tower and it s absolutely gorgeous!! thank-you sir! excellent hospitality. @angelatn777: @gochico @realdonaldtrump: he stands up for what he believes in!! regardless if all people like it. #hasmyrespect&vote. @jaayzen: @grandmiapens he has all the ingredients to get elected and turn this this ship around! run! don t let us hit the iceberg! @marcaardvark: @realdonaldtrump @ronmeier123 one of the best things i bought in 2014: @realdonaldtrump ties @macys @amazon. @paulparmar1: @realdonaldtrump so excited for @apprenticenbc thank you for creating such an amazing show #celebapprentice enjoy it thanks. @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump i bet you have some great ideas on how to turn this country around i do big league! @llankers: donaldtrump it s a shame the left try so hard to tear you down. you could be a great leader for our nation. keep it up trump! @flicka : @realdonaldtrump for president. the mar-a-lago club was amazing tonight. everybody was there the biggest and the hottest. palm beach is so lucky to have best club in world. @archangeljf12: @realdonaldtrump for president of the united states! @sentedcruz vice president a #winningticket2016 #trumpcruz2016. @talentlesscook: @realdonaldtrump you re only a year away from #2016 ...pick a running mate. happy new year. @yankeejayman: @realdonaldtrump @flicka do u ever sleep? not much! @joshhammer77: @realdonaldtrump happy new year sir can t wait for #celebrityapprentice. @sparkleawin: @realdonaldtrump so excited for a new year & new celeb apprentice! can t wait to see the trumps back in the boardroom! @danwolff22: @realdonaldtrump i believe in you to bring this country back to what it once was! mr. trump for president! thanks dan! @tlowery19: @realdonaldtrump for president please! @jmcafee23: @realdonaldtrump please run for president this country needs you! @archangeljf12: @realdonaldtrump palm beach is one of the greatest places in the world to live! #trumppotus2016 #happynewyear. @sarapattersonn: @realdonaldtrump hey be president. @ericleebow: @realdonaldtrump hope you finally run for president. that should be your new year s resolution. good thought! @felix whiskas: if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable - @realdonaldtrump. @samanthajrose: @realdonaldtrump #trumpfan #trumpforpresident. @iintend: donaldtrump at one time you were 900 million in debt and you came back. you never flinched. you have to respect that. thank you. @markfleming22: if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable - @realdonaldtrump. @seankesser: @loreleijp @realdonaldtrump @veryodddog trump himself never ever filed for bankruptcy so true thank you! @alphaquintesson: @realdonaldtrump please run for president you got my vote. @kdanielsk: @misstcassidy @allaboutthetea i definitely think kenya is smarter than brandi but kenya doesn t play well w others. @sean: icahnkravisbuffet & many other top business men ve taken advantage of corporate bankruptcy lawyet people only point out trump. @diannelea1958: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @channelguide so excited for this season. it may be one of the best and most vicious ever. @dungyots: .@realdonaldtrump with a solid cameo in #homealone2 thanks it was great fun-who knew it would be so big. @madrina26: @realdonaldtrump so excited for sunday and celebrity apprentice!!! you will love it wild! @kdanielsk: @misstcassidy @allaboutthetea @realdonaldtrump my money is on kenya getting fired first. @uniquecaptures: donaldtrump: even though i feel his personality is to strong for president i agree it would be an entertaining campaign. @photocritic: oh please please please let @realdonaldtrump run for president. that would make my year. @misstcassidy: @kdanielsk @realdonaldtrump @allaboutthetea i just hope both last well half way into season w lots of drama! @frisbiekaren: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice my secret addiction! now only if you would do a regular people edition. @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrumpdonald trump for presedent over all of amercia!!!!!!!! @joshhadleysays: @realdonaldtrump @dungyots yes a sequel to one of the biggest hits of 1990s who knew. @kdanielsk: @misstcassidy @realdonaldtrump @allaboutthetea this season is going to be great! can t wait! @ snurk: @realdonaldtrumpis so awesome!! man of nat l unmatched merit every1 needs trump! a leader can rule- elect excelent prez!! @tellyplanet: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for series4 to air on bbc one sunday night :. @trillacamila: we need @realdonaldtrump for president. @diannelea1958: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @channelguide i love the cast this season. @stevencena35: @realdonaldtrump look awesome in home alone 2 lost new york you look great in the movie today in @abcfamily. @rustyhook2: @realdonaldtrump @trillacamila you would be a damn sight better than jeb ! or billary ! @brian muldoon: @realdonaldtrump headed to trump central park for my wife s birthday!! can t wait!! have fun! @the edward k: @realdonaldtrump your a genius sir #trumpforpresident. @morrisfrance: excited for the miss universe! hi @realdonaldtrump. @diannelea1958: @mfonnest @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @channelguide hell yes! it s gonna be fun. @fredosantanass: @realdonaldtrump is a great leader and definitely someone i look up to. great role model thanks. @bbolaji9: happy new year my president @realdonaldtrump thank you. @midniteracers: @realdonaldtrump gets my vote for president. he s my hero! when i grow up i want to be like him. @nick nlawrie: @realdonaldtrump if you re as strident in life as you are with these tweets then no wonder you re loaded. @arrestjoepa: @realdonaldtrump and @terrellowens sounds like a dream team. @runningdeep67: @uniquecaptures too strong? point out a time in america s history where it was good to have a pussy in the white house! .@apprenticenbc season premiere this sunday at 9 8c on @nbc-. @bettylovesdogs: @realdonaldtrump i work sunday evenings will celebrity apprentice be replayed? watch tomorrow night at 9:00 then mon. at 8. @seankesser: @realdonaldtrump: trump university was exceptionally highly rated. get the facts straight! i just saw the movie unbroken -- very good except i thought the ending was weak no retribution! and we complain about waterboarding. @arrestjoepa: @realdonaldtrump trump kicked rosie s ass he kicked penn states ass he would totally kick the democrats ass!!! #trump2016. @veryodddog: @realdonaldtrump you are a good christian! you are right! also you should be presedent! the sooner the better! #trump. @chrisrosica: @realdonaldtrump genius tweet. @harveyrabitto: @realdonaldtrump louis z never ever quit. neither does donald t. @jayrav3: @realdonaldtrump what is the best book for real estate? i want to get into the business. trump the art of the deal! @aanders07: @realdonaldtrump i am actually excited for the weekend to be over so i can watch the celebrity apprentice! can t wait! enjoy! i will be commenting live on sunday night 9 to 11 on twitter - celebrity apprentice will be great this season - amazing cast! @lmechx: @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal is a great read filled with excellent real advice. definitely worth a read. @likabrdthatflew: my only new year s resolution: be more like @realdonaldtrump nice thanks! @rexhispaniae: @realdonaldtrump will be watching with my entire family. we are so happy you re back on tv mr trump! huge fans here! @puppyslug: @realdonaldtrump will you run? will you run for president? mr trump your nation needs you! #saveoursouls stay tuned thanks! @trudyunis: @realdonaldtrump @puppyslug our country need something. never seen so much division as the last years. my @nbcdfw int. by @erickingnbc5 w @ivankatrump discussing the sunday @nbc premiere of @apprenticenbcs 14th season. by popular demand i will be tweeting during tomorrow s record 14th season premiere of @apprenticenbc on @nbc at 9 8c. via @horsetalknz: floridas trump invitational to kick off showjumping year mar-a-lago s 3rd ann. trump grand prix! via @shinysheet by @soapbox1: show-jumping grand prix returns to mar-a-lago sunday. @theshowoff85: too excited to seeing my two favourite people on tv together on one show that s @realdonaldtrump and @kenyamoore. @leezagibbons: @emilyplacido: @leezagibbons @ivankatrump i m so rooting for you on celebrity apprentice @leezagibbons!! go girl!tysm. @leezagibbons: @kellymckayshow: @leezagibbons @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump already set the dvr for sunday and monday. #tvgeek. @wouldnotmind: @apprenticenbc @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump : i know and we are ready .. who is going to win ? my girl @kenyamoore. @the paul08: it s almost here finally!!!! the new celebrity #apprentice premiers tomorrow on @nbc! @realdonaldtrump #excited. #celebapprentice who will hear those two famous words? @apprenticenbc premieres tomorrow at 9 8c on nbc. @berniesandner: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i m ready for the show tomorrow night. @llluminatedones: watch #celebapprentice tomorrow at 9pm et on @nbc because @realdonaldtrump said so! @apprenticenbc. @joeferrarijoe: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc it s about time!!!! @fenway315: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @realgilbert is the fucking man ! @jerry zhang : looking forward to season 14 of @apprenticenbc! @realdonaldtrump. @foreign blood: @realdonaldtrump needs to run for president. @yurdreamwoman: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump would be great to have obama on his show so the don can fire his arsss. @kekepania822: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i m excited for this season can t wait to watch. @rona65: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @nbc good luck on your umpteenth season from the show producer of show 1. @molly stew: @realdonaldtrump adding housewives to your show calls for entertaining tv #celebrityapprentice. @organics2014: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump will @kateplusmy8 be too? yes. @deniseplante: by popular demand i will be tweeting tomorrow s premiere of .@apprenticenbc on .@nbc 9 8c. @mycrashis: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc please let it be @brandiglanville and @kenyamoore first. but u probably like that negativity. @barbarabee2u: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc can t wait! @miclimber: @realdonaldtrump look at alum @thegarybusey making you proud with @amazonfiretv #celebapprentice great. @leadiliberto: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump you in danger girl! @cherylynn6464: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc looking forward to your show and especially seeing joan rivers. she did a great job! @sistertrue: @realdonaldtrump can t wait love this show helps me realize so many things! @dpal1996: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc cannot wait!!! @rustyhook2: @apprenticenbc i just watched the tease on you tube. terrelljohnny and kate won t be there for long. we will see... @patjeanes: @realdonaldtrump im sure the show will be great but you need to get on the campaign trail watch! @shellsternyc: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc how many times does to cry? @pamking8628: @realdonaldtrump @mikerandcom - #teamleeza will be following ur #celebapprentice comments! @leezagibbons. @pamking8628: @mikerandcom @realdonaldtrump @leezagibbons @ianziering #teamleeza to the finish line!! @my 2bcollies: @miloandjack actually milo mr trump felt kate has a good shot at winning. donaldtrump was very complimentary about kate. @ lisamichelle: so excited. you got this brandi! @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump. @wristbridge: just set my dvr for the apprentice. let s go @realdonaldtrump. @mattlytle: @realdonaldtrump so a new celebrity apprentice sunday and monday night? yes. @hobbyath: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc brandi g. #getoffmytv goes first hopefully. @rosaleeadams: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i thought it would never start again... @shihtzupad: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i love this show. @jskibler: @mrdrewscott @mrsilverscott we need to get you all on the @celebapprentice with the @realdonaldtrump. #unstoppable #makeithappen. @tbc branding: to my biz-minded tweeps from #sharktanknation #restaurantstartup #theprofit...i ll see you 2nite for #celebrityapprentice. @davidthomasno1: tune in for some late night viewing of @realdonaldtrump on celebrity apprentice usa @bbcone tonight. @emilyplacido: @realdonaldtrump @berniesandner @apprenticenbc me too!!!! #teamleeza all the way!!! @leezascarecafe is a wonderful charity!! @davidbodner: so excited for #thecelebrityapprentice cant wait to see what @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump have in store for us this season! @janzenerika: @billrancic @apprenticenbc thank you for reminding me watch set my pvr for the apprentice tonight! thank you bill. @jillybadilly: @realdonaldtrump i ve been waiting for this day for way too long! #celebapprentice starts tonight! can t wait! enjoy! @mariadomenique9: @apprenticenbc @todayshow @realdonaldtrump @realgilbert @geraldorivera cant wait to watch tonight!!! @chrisjpmac: really looking forward to the premier of the apprentice tonight at 9pm est on nbc.such a well executed and captivating show. @heidilucky: hello mr. trump. i love @theapprentice9 and can not wait till it airs. @abcsharktank and @theprofitcnbc 2 other faves! @cinna33: @mrsilverscott @celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump @jskibler yeah! bring on down the gauntlet. @nicoleamarin: i can t wait to watch this season of #celebrityapprentice @donaldjtrumpjr i can t wait to watch @brandiglanville dominate! @kellyjeanturner: @realdonaldtrump @kateplusmy8 #ticktock 12 hours & counting down to watch #apprenticenbc. @pameladunfee: @billrancic @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i can t wait to watch the new apprentice nbc @ 9:00 pm tonight. everyone is asking me to cover the apprentice live on twitter. i will do so. tonight 9 to 11. it will be a great evening of television! #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc returns tonight at 9 8c on nbc-. in less than 30 minutes- watch the season premiere of @apprenticenbc on nbc. this is going to be a special season - truly great characters and cast. you will soon see! @mlratchford: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump rooting for @realgilbert. #teamgilbert. @fabiolasellsnj: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc looking forward to this. @flowerchic462: ok tweeps. who is going home first tonight?! #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump. @skacreek: in ten minutes on @realdonaldtrump s apprentice @ianziering begins his season long domination! @jason priestley you watchin? it s still exciting after all these years - and this cast is special! @llluminatedones: here we go! @apprenticenbc starts now on @nbc! let s do this! @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump #celebapprentice. @princessrisssss: i am soo super excited to watch @shawnjohnson and donaldtrump on tonight!! two of my favorite people ever. she is great. @fabulyss22: my sunday s will now be spent with @realdonaldtrump again! so excited #celebrityapprentice is back! @stacekop: @realdonaldtrump geraldo may be crazy enough to do whatever it takes. @bucherbrandon: watching @realdonaldtrump s show #celebapprentice to see @brandiglanville. @kiernanproud: @realdonaldtrump so excited! best show on television. #celebapprentice. @johng500: love @realdonaldtrump and @apprenticenbc! this is gonna be another awesome season. #celebapprentice. @michaelsdevine: i kinda hope @realgilbert sticks around for a while just for moments like that #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc. @apprenticenbc: nobody wants to be the first one fired. isn t that the truth @realdonaldtrump. #celebapprentice very sad to be first. @sprinkler22: @realdonaldtrump i love donald trump!!!! thanks. @straitblazin: @realdonaldtrump has an all star cast of celebrities this season of @apprenticenbc! this should be interesting. true. @gaga in fla: @andreatantaros @foxnews @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump well not that it matters i think geraldo is a sanctimonious ass. @teerexbc: i m rooting for @msvivicafox @shawnjohnson and @peachespulliam #celebrityapprentice #thecelebrityapprentice #nbc donaldtrump. @jakekrippner: @realdonaldtrump: so who should win who is your favorite? @shawnjohnson. @tnelly813: yay! @realdonaldtrump i m so excited for celebrity apprentice :. @kristacantwell: @realdonaldtrump i m so happy that @apprenticenbc is back! #celebapprentice. @michaelmpierce: watching @apprenticenbc for the first time ever. love it so far! @realdonaldtrump. @dbarbs1: @realdonaldtrump please fire kenya first. really? @stevie skenergy: @realdonaldtrump @nbcapprentice this show motivates me. part of my inspiration to #savesksocial. @justsoldcom: @realdonaldtrump so happy #celebrityapprentice is back on! thanks donald for keeping it real! who do you like - hate so far? @sarahlynellis: i m loving this celebrity apprentice season!@realdonaldtrump @shawnjohnson @ivankatrump the donald is the best! #yourefired. @mumlvs2run: @kateplusmy8 you look fab! they were so lucky to have you in the kitchen @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc go kate go! @josportsgal: @brandiglanville too early first episode. @realdonaldtrump season needs to play out. then i ll let u know. #workhard #win. @glendakparks: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville not @kenyamoore! she does nothing but run her mouth! @thereader23: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville brandi for the win. @josemar87531474: watching @apprenticenbc @nbc @realdonaldtrump is the man... @mariadomenique9: the mens team has better flavors of pies. interested to see who wins! #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @brendalynwraps: @realdonaldtrump leeza!!! @carrieon2014: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville brandi is the best!!!!! she deserves it all! #celebrityapprentice. @tgambinovent: #celebrityapprentice @kenyamoore go home please! @realdonaldtrump plez help! love the show but she s trying to be @omarosa. @kristyhernandez: @realdonaldtrump yay watching my very favorite show celebrity apprentice and loving it!! @briankgarver: @realdonaldtrump like shawn johnson and predicting her as season winner!!!!!! @naomiepstein: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc kenya moore will be omarosa redux. that attitude is boring. she needs to go. @oriontrunk: @terrellowens is going to go far because he s a media circus. @ianziering will come close to winning but shawn can also. @biggangvh1: @realdonaldtrump love the show! #celebapprentice. @actuallydominic: @kevinjonas is on #celebapprentice??? that s it @realdonaldtrump you have a winner... #askkevin #teamkevin all the way. @jwundy: i admire how @kevinjonas is holding himself in the boardroom #teamkevin @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump. @remember91808: @realgilbert and @kevinjonas are the best things about this season of @apprenticenbc: can we keep them around until the end. @senniec: @realdonaldtrump all the athletes are doing great! @thatsoundstasty: the baby in the background got hit in the face with flying pie! #poorthing #didyouseethat #celebapprentice. @otowned: @realdonaldtrump any real housewife. @kimberlysyring: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville i love brandi you go girl kick some a !!! @amiguiza: @realdonaldtrump i believe in kevin jonas!!! he s the best #teamkevin #askkevin. @ohbehave71: @realdonaldtrump kenya moore - hmmmm - won t be there long. needs to go. #celebapprentice. @roswell2001: so glad #celebrityapprentice is back! @realdonaldtrump @kevinjonas @realgilbert are my favs. go team vortex! @prochekhomeinsp: would be the greatest start to the new year that i could ever imagine!!! happy new year mr. trump and team!!! @shortcakessheep: @realdonaldtrump @roswell2001 @kevinjonas @realgilbert agree!!! this boardroom gets crazy! these people are wild. @thecccowanshow: @realdonaldtrump @naomiepstein @apprenticenbc kenya moore rocks! watch her work her stuff!!! @cav1301: @realdonaldtrump kenya moore is an ass!! hope she is fired first!!! how do you like the boardroom so far? @mikedemkiw: @realdonaldtrump kevin jonas is a very strong player surprised. @salans77: @realdonaldtrump great boardroom so far. love the tension. @jonas brotha: @realdonaldtrump @kenyamoore just goes for the throat. @scdaily4: @realdonaldtrump loving it....glad you re back. but we re wondering who is this season s @garybussey. @mari907: @realdonaldtrump & @ivankatrump back on my tv! i m a happy gal. @terramarkov16: @terramarkov16 @realdonaldtrump: i think the ladies team will fire the blonde who dissed her team. respect. #apprentice. @mag 0909: @realdonaldtrump intense but i would expect nothing less. @jwundy: kevin is bringing it in the boardroom @kevinjonas @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump. @teisen229: @realdonaldtrump great cast! girls are going to win! @cruebabe: @realdonaldtrump i love the boardroom. awkward atmosphere right now. #celebapprentice. @timothymcmanus4: @realdonaldtrump very intense!! #celebapprentice. @queenofspice: i follow @realdonaldtrump in hopes he ll drop some knowledge that ll make me as rich as him. @lanae jonas22: @realdonaldtrump it is interesting so far. @michaelsdevine: can t wait to see what team lost so the gloves can come off! #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump. @srqsweetheart: it s about to go down! buckle up! @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice. @ftesternbtlsfan: @realdonaldtrump wonder who gets fired hmmm. @jwundy: the iconic you re fired is coming @realdonaldtrump can t wait. @rchunter: @realdonaldtrump tells the guys go back to @trumptowerny and watch if you want to it won t be pretty. #celebapprentice. @godigetitnow: @realdonaldtrump it will not be pretty keisha your fired #celebapprentice. @derrickbolenva: @realdonaldtrump has built up a great show #celebapprentice. @eyetweethere: @realdonaldtrump best part of the show. @mnbosstom: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump i really needed to watch the apprentice tonight!! great show!! motivates me!! #celebapprentice. @anthonyjamestv: @geraldorivera and @kevinjonas killed it! @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @nbc #celebapprentice. @arizonanflfan: .@realdonaldtrump i love celebrity apprentice. the storylines are much better than nfl playoff football. @miasmiiles: @realdonaldtrump #trumpforpresident2016. @sarahss555: @realdonaldtrump is my idol... #celebapprentice thanks. @the paul08: there s nothing more relaxing than a trump tower suite!! @trumpchicago @trumpcollection #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @christine 8888: @realdonaldtrump brandi for the win!! @marshaabrady: @realdonaldtrump @theapprentice9 i hope it s kate i don t want to look at her again on this show or any other.... sorry. @keithwmcandrew: who will @realdonaldtrump fire?!? will there be a #catfight in the boardroom?!? @apprenticenbc #celebrityapprentice. @nicoleamarin: mondays are about to become my favourite night of the week! #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump. @uglywewe: love @realdonaldtrump asking @brandiglanville for the truth! he knows he ll get it! @luvsleopard2: @billybush @realdonaldtrump the music always gives it such a dramatic effect. @alexperrry: first time watching celebrity apprentice and i m really enjoying it! @realdonaldtrump. @nicoleamarin: you re fired! it s music to my ears when it comes from @realdonaldtrump mouth! why a commercial?!? #celebrityapprentice. @irwin171: #celebapprentice just turned me into a @kevinjonas fan. love the new season!! @realdonaldtrump. @bethdelany: @realdonaldtrump jamie brought in no money? her pie recipe brought in 25k #celebrityapprentice. hope you liked it. tune in tomorrow night at 8:00 and 9:00 for two episodes and two boardrooms! will be a great evening of television! @virgiegurl: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump awesome teams tonight. ..!!! priceless. @rockyroad : nothing like hearing @realdonaldtrump say you re fired twice in one night! tomorrow night 8 7 cst! #celebapprentice. @loribuckmajor: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville is as real as they come. love her #celebapprentice. @asedawg89: @realdonaldtrump so many women to fire. gonna be a cat fight. @cruebabe: @realdonaldtrump i loved it. #celebapprentice. @travyj1: i wonder how it would be growing up with @realdonaldtrump as a father. @sweetiee1s: @sweetiee1s: @actuallydominic @realdonaldtrump @peachespulliam i agree. kate needed the boot. her time will come. @iiarwatch: @realdonaldtrump you fired the right woman tonight. kenya & brandi each must go. the lowest of the low. this show was taped just before the terrible bill cosby revelations came to light.she still should have asked him for money-goes to charity. @rachelredl: ahhhhhh really would do anything to be on the apprentice @realdonaldtrump. @rickyv adw: gotta say i have @kevinjonas winning it all @realdonaldtrump social media strategy and seems to know how to spin things. @ameliasg: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc @ivankatrump does anyone else think some faces look like picasso sculptures? @juliemyra: @brandiglanville @realdonaldtrump you go. love your spirit. f the haters. @axpeters17: @kevinjonas is the one to beat on @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice. @missklamert:i hate @realdonaldtrump ! but i have to watch this season of #theapprentice because it has such an awesome cast. #teamkenya ! @candidlynic: @brandiglanville you were awesome! love your loyalty to team members like keisha. 3 you!! @kathysimovski @realdonaldtrump. @bigdogg1974: @realdonaldtrump @kateplusmy8 kate looked great and did an amazing job even though no dough she worked very hard! #truth. @ceecee928: @msvivicafox pls not @brandiglanville or @kenyamoore just bcuz u r drama doesnt mean u should hearn the title or praise. @aclrecoveryclub: @realdonaldtrump i know you went back and forth w cuban - i m convinced @apprenticenbc is the best show on tv! @kbrozz26: @realdonaldtrump i don t watch a lot of t.v but couldn t wait for celebrity apprentice. it was great!! @braunmatt: really enjoyed #celebapprentice tonight. looking forward to a couple new episodes tomorrow night! @realdonaldtrump. @summer0001: why is @realdonaldtrump so amazing? love watching #celebapprentice. @sparkleawin: donaldtrump alot of good looking guys but what s important is r they #celebapprentice material can t wait 2 c them in action. @danadelikat: @apprenticenbc. surprised how accurate and likable the jonas brother is pointing out heraldo s #bighead #big #ego poster. @anniedrews: so glad #celebapprentice is back! looks like it will be a fantastic year! thanks for a great show. got out of hosp in time! @shortcakessheep: i am rooting for @realgilbert @kevinjonas but if i was on the #apprentice i would call my friend @limbaugh to help. @wooten smith: @rickyv adw @kevinjonas i agree kevin seems to have what it takes and he seems very classy. wasnt a fan b4 but am now. @shannonfamini: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for tomorrow s episodes! #celebapprentice #trump. @rrodriguez62: @realdonaldtrump first time i watched the start of the season. enjoyed the show will tune in tomorrow night. @tmh813: @realdonaldtrump prove that you actually control this account and i will tell everyone i know about the show #takeaselfie. @kennyking4: @justintgee #celebapprentice is one of my fav shows!!! wanna live tweet tmrw night? #datenight @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump. i will be live tweeting tomorrow monday nights two shows starting at 8:00 p.m. they are both great. @sixtoluis57: @ameliasg @piersmorgan @apprenticenbc @ivankatrump no comment you can see every pore in todays tv screens. u look mavelous. @aschultz2014: @realdonaldtrump best @apprenticenbc cast ever!! love @ianziering and so glad @kateplusmy8 wasn t fired! #notlazy. @erik. my newsfeed is nothing but donaldtrump n @realgilbert #celebrityapprentice! but that s alright with me cuz i love them. great minds. @jordonbruno: i really love @realdonaldtrump. @linsinn: @realdonaldtrump yes! #celebrityapprentice on now been waiting for months! #celebapprentice. @rongtr: @realdonaldtrump great show! my money is on sig hanson or geraldo rivera! @bjohnson683: @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump the first show of #celebapprentice was amazing. can t wait to see next week s episode. @billymayfield: @realdonaldtrump great show tonight! can t wait till tomorrow night!! @christinaaa28: #celebapprentice is baaaaaack! @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump. @missskin604: it s time!! #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump #westcoast. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. will be talking about many things including the apprentice! @tokindaddy: @realdonaldtrump your the man don. all the best... @nelly quarez: .@realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice was awesome yesterday. can t wait to see a new episode tonight! @kevinjonas we are here. don t forget episodes 2 and 3 of @apprenticenbc are on tonight at 8pm and 9pm on @nbc. #celebapprentice we had lots of fun last night with the live tweeting so i will do it again tonight from 8-10pm. wow great ratings for @apprenticenbc- don t forget watch 2 new episodes tonight at 8pm on @nbc. .@peachespulliam at @trumptowerny this afternoon- a wonderful woman. it was an honor to donate 25k to her charity. via @peoplemag by @amandamichl: @ivankatrump: @joan riverswas very warm during appearance on @apprenticenbc. via @latimes @latshowtracker:monday s tv highlights:@apprenticenbcon @nbc. you can watch all the highlights of last nights record 14th season premiere of @apprenticenbc. remember tonight monday the second and third episodes of the apprentice are on at 8:00 & 9:00. great ratings last night 18 - 49. fun! @brandiglanville: tonight celebrity apprentice 8 7c ep. 2 & 3! 2 hours of back to back competition @apprenticenbc. @californguy: #teambrandi i m glad u have a no bs person on there.hope she stays! @apprenticenbc @andy @bravotv. @dcfoodsafety: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump it s going to be a very interesting and amusing season i am already hooked! @karileakennedy7: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc love brandi is on your show! @nightingalicing: @californguy @apprenticenbc @andy @bravotv the only reason i m watching network tv tonight is @brandiglanville . @mccull0817: @realdonaldtrump @shawnjohnson calls the show evil and that is fun?? @shinysheet:olympic gold medalist wins trump invitational grand prix at @realdonaldtrump s mar-a-lago in palm beach:. @mindofmcn: @chrisgraham101 rt ttonight the 2nd and 3rd eps of the apprentice are on at 8 & 9. great ratings last night 18 - 49. fun! looking forward to speaking at @citizens united & @stevekingias iowas freedom summit on january 24th. via @feminamissindia: @mannypacquiao among @missuniverse 2015 judges. celebrity apprentice starts in 15 minutes on nbc. enjoy! i will be live tweeting! @mbgrimm02: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc i really wish kate would just shut it and let people talk and quit her side comments!!! @erin theresev: @realdonaldtrump is kate her own charity? last i checked she doesn t have a job... or raise money. @simplemangreen: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @nbc what a cool cast this time. @angela thomps: @realdonaldtrump this is going to be a great @apprenticenbc season! great cast! @seriouslybright: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump getting a great fix tonight! 2 episodes! @tamster613: who is watching @apprenticenbc with me tonight? #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @snotty girl: @kateplusmy8 @realdonaldtrump kate gosselin is fearless. waych out ! @yungtrilllord: homie is on celebrity apprenteince with @realdonaldtrump. @rmt834: watching celebrity apprentice. great stuff so far @realdonaldtrump . @ymctier: @realdonaldtrump watching tonight s new episode! @ymctier feels this 1 will be good like all the rest @nbc. @maldollaz: best show on television celebrity apprentice @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice. @lghaas30: @realdonaldtrump glad to see george again on #celebapprentice. @mickeymiller33: watching #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump it s on i am rooting for #teambrandi and my 15 year old is rooting #teamkevin. @wondherful: @the valleygirl yes!!!!!!!! @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump #mostintelligentrealityshow. @nancysperico: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @msvivicafox @leezagibbons @nbc love the glasses. a sophisticated look! @andrewjthom: @realdonaldtrump why does the apprentice intro still show your 727? you should show that gorgeous 757!!!! you are right. @kimrichardsfans: @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice intro always gives me life! @t9862ander: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @msvivicafox @leezagibbons @nbc stay on top of @kateplusmy8. she s got to go. @mcgurricane: #celebapprentice is back on i love this show hats off to @realdonaldtrump for putting together a true masterpiece thank you. @seriouslybright: @realdonaldtrump i am so excited to view this new season! #celebrityapprentice. @katiemariebes14: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @leezagibbons @msvivicafox @nbc i only watch cause brandi is amazing i love her. @pamking8628: @apprenticenbc @leezagibbons @hollytyrer 1 mr.trump can u pls give a shout out tonight to #teamleeza #celebapprentice. @scottlara1961: @realdonaldtrump watching the celebrity apprentice. @ant #celebapprentice is starting now don t miss @realdonaldtrump and the hidden gem who s already underestimated the amazing @realgilbert. @jbeanlll: @realdonaldtrump you re the best! can t imagine where you find the time! thank you. @justinjgraff: who does geraldo think he is the worlds most famous man?! he s driving me insane #celebrityapprentice #pleasegetfired. @redrocket951: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc geraldo needs to shut tf up #celebapprentice. @debrajosephine: @msvivicafox is perfect for the commercial awesome! @celebapprentice #celebrityapprentice @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump. @madie with1d: geraldo is a princess. please get over yourself @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump. @musgravespark: @realdonaldtrump genius idea having geraldo on this season. perfection. @elcaminojesus: @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump your behavior is awful. you need to dial down the arrogance! @gsiegman: . @realdonaldtrump holy shit! amazing! #trump2016. @rockyroad : kate s brain the lights are on and no ones home! #celebapprentice #celebrityapprentice #theapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @pamking8628: @mtcphotography @leezagibbons @realdonaldtrump #teamleeza thnx u for ur support. @apseloff: @realdonaldtrump did you know before the show how immature and confrontational geraldo was? @chris r 2014: @realdonaldtrump @musgravespark @geraldorivera geraldo is being a high maintenance diva! @strongvoice: @realdonaldtrump @redrocket951 @apprenticenbc what a baby. he s having a temper tantrum because he isn t getting his own way. @dpal1996: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc boardroom is going to get ugly!!! @joeycarna: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump guys should have won i don t disagree but executives picked! @haileemh13: @realdonaldtrump geraldo looks happy they lost bc he wasn t project manager. #celebapprentice. @jenkingporter: @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville brandi should win! i hope kate and geraldo get kicked off soon... remember after this new episode starts - 5 minutes! @candicebiscoe: @realdonaldtrump the boardroom is jaw dropping. @conman13: great episode of celebrity apprentice! @realdonaldtrump #goodstuff #yourfired. @pascalmahvi: @realdonaldtrump well the donald already knows who is going. kevin i feel for you ! @moxiebeautiful: i can t decide if geraldo s ego is a gimmick a plant by trump or if it s for real. #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @icyminnesota: @kevinjonas is acting like a spoiled little brat. @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice. @aquila7: @realdonaldtrump geraldo rivera the hispanic omarosa. @lizzysaupe: i m way to addicted to watching celebrity apprentice @realdonaldtrump. @amandajocountry: celebrity apprentice is back! i love @realdonaldtrump! who is going to be the @garybussey of the season? #celebapprentice. @theresanov68: @realdonaldtrump love the show. @mymustang1964: @realdonaldtrump this season of the #celebrityapprentice is off to a great start! @blakefish10: how does everyone not like watching @realdonaldtrump show #celebapprentice. @amandajocountry @realdonaldtrump he just knows how to ask the right questions to get the celebs to turn on each other which i find funny. @atroxell: @kenyamoore @realitytvbliss @realdonaldtrump making it happen. @tzn1980: @realdonaldtrump loveee @kateplusmy8. @megxmartine: i don t like @kenyamoore why is she even on @apprenticenbc i wish @realdonaldtrump could answer this for me. @garrett cox: @realdonaldtrump this show is gold!!!! #celebrityapprentice. @shelbz555: love @ivankatrump s dress! #celebapprentice #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @kjfinks2champ: i like trump tower #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @twinkle s apprentice is so good this season. i d like to thank @realdonaldtrump for these 2 back to back episodes !!!! this show amazing. @angiekay500: @realgilbert is my hero! have never had so much fun watching #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @jayedavaughn: currently: @realdonaldtrump stirs the pot lmao @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice. @sexy keesh: well damn @realdonaldtrump got straight to the point didn t ya? #celebapprentice. @tlp tracylee: @realdonaldtrump was gilbert good? @terrellowens cough cough cough. @christybelle14: donaldtrump it s has to be so hard to keep personal feelings out of the boardroom. love how you call the bs @theapprentice. @missalliecat @brandiglanville i love the way you don t take any crap from @kategoselin.i can t wait to hear you say kate you re fired ! @hgswiney: @realdonaldtrump you re awesome in that boardroom. great back to back episodes tonight! @gretchbetch : @realdonaldtrump please fire @kenyamoore she s rude and classless #celebrityapprentice. @litleredhairgrl: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump #celebrityapprentice way to go shawn johnson! @jules1327: the women rule tonight on #celebapprentice - let s hope they don t kill each other before next week! @ivankatrump. @25whitney: i like the bachelor but @apprenticenbc is getting all the love on mondays! best of 2015 #celebapprentice @ivankatrump #nbc. @sonygyrl: @realdonaldtrump @tlp trac @terrellowens no gilbert wasn t good. he cant be focused on the product more interested in a laugh. @strongvoice: @realdonaldtrump shawn was absolutely right. bringing up the why was trashy. imho very trashy. #celebapprentice. @ willchristoph: can @realdonaldtrump just fire kate gosselin just because? #celebapprentice. @gmail maa: @realdonaldtrump: @litleredhairgrl: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump #celebrityapprentice way to go shawn johnson! #foreal. @saraaa nicole95: @realdonaldtrump is so intimidating! i would never wanna be on his bad side!! he s still basically a king tho. @madisonbb11: @realdonaldtrump i m so glad shawn stood up for herself!!! @danscavino: @realdonaldtrump @erictrump @geraldorivera is the male version of @omarosa from 7 years ago! #justsaying #celebrityapprentice. @alicesleuck: @apprenticenbc join the lean scene with @luvoinc you exercise and #luvo a heathy trio... agreed 100 w two u fired tonight. @stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump omg! the funniest! this has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi. @crisjensen: @realdonaldtrump @25whitney @apprenticenbc @ivankatrump it definitely is in this household : great job sir. @nicnae: @realdonaldtrump @strongvoice he should have fired vivicia right away - she s trash. @alexpattillo: just completed the art of the deal. written the year i was born and its principles still apply today. very inspiring! @jackievandyck: donald it s time to boot kate @realdonaldtrump. @tborio: @realitytvbliss @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump she truly is & well spoken & gracious. @todaysrealmusic: a great night of watching @apprenticenbc @nbc . thank you mr @realdonaldtrump. @therealtimc : i m loving @msvivicafox as project manager! @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @nbc #celebapprentice. @srt sully: @realdonaldtrump geraldo is an egotistical selfcentered pain! strong competitor & makes for a good show #someonepunchgeraldo. @cyber1980: @realdonaldtrump @todaysrealmusic @apprenticenbc @nbc great show better than the wwe lol. @misstyraj: @queen james 22 @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc maybe kate needs to go but kenya doesn t. the boardroom is where kenya shines. @carlosmirabal8: @realdonaldtrump great 2 shows tonight. can t wait till next week. @ musicfreakalex: enjoyed @apprenticenbc tonight! awesome as always mr. @realdonaldtrump. @jimcureton: @realdonaldtrump first 3 episodes great! looking forward to rest of season. @milachka10: @realdonaldtrump great show this season....luv the back to back episodes..great cast this time. @crazymamaa: @realdonaldtrump @alexpattillo that s a great book .. the art of the deal. @bludosky2014: 721 fifth avenue one of the most visually striking skyscrapers ever built the original trump tower. @sirowendisney: @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr how about a #celebapprentice season where ivanka & don jr. lead teams? i d love to see that. @kpolumbo: @realdonaldtrump @strongvoice i give shawn alot of credit for standing up for herself!!!!! @stkhlder3: @crazymamaa @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump omg! the funniest! this has just been the best season so far!!! #teambrandi. @yankeerunnerlv:can u trick obama into appearing on @apprenticenbc by telling him golf is involved so you can do country a favor& fire him! @mccareydanny: @realdonaldtrump how come @nbc is screwing #theapprentice by burning off episodes so fast only one hour each? @nicnae: @elginet @realgilbert @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump you re awesome funny and u gained a new fan!!! probably many!!!! wow despite the switch to monday night @apprenticenbc ratings were higher than even the sunday night show. .@kevinjonas was great but he brought the wrong person into the boardroom. had he brought lorenzo in he would not have been fired. learn more about @trumpintrealty s @mgriffithnyc and some of our spectacular real estate in nyc-. i look forward to going to the land investment expo in iowa on jan. 23. record crowdsold out venue. @landexpo @peoplescompany. .@juddapatow i agree! thanks to our loyal viewers & fans last nights @apprenticenbc topped all the demos & grew 24 in our regular slot premiere. congrats to @flgovscott on today s inauguration and having done a great job! looking forward to next weeks unveiling of the red tiger @trumpdoral. an 18 hole masterpiece w two island greens. via @ew by @daltonross: recap: nobody out thinks donald trump. via @dmregister by @newsmanone: moon cycle can t defeat @shawnjohnson on @apprenticenbc. congress must repeal obamacare. obama will veto while americans continue to lose their doctors & pay rising premiums. via @tmz sports: donald trump: don t mess up @terrellowens name. i ve seen him go crazy at people. big announcement coming soon regarding south carolina. @laweightloss: @ivankatrump i agree with kevin being fired cause he tried to outsmart your father #celebapprentice @apprenticenbc. @kylesbaxter: i ve been predicting very closely on who would get fired tonight. and i knew kevin and gilbert would get the axe. @gfmete: @realdonaldtrump @laweightloss @ivankatrump @apprenticenbc no one outsmarts the boss! @thextor: @dixiefriedsport @sportstalksc @realdonaldtrump that is genius. @riley nordquist: donald trump by mac miller will never get old. @gennyhatesyou: if you wanna make money stick with what you know and love - donald trump. @valdizzlebitch: @realdonaldtrump my mother was right you are amazing thanks. @bilalkostashuk: that first episode of #celebapprentice was intense but incredible. this season is going to be bigger and better than ever! @grammies28: @realdonaldtrump ru going to run ?????? watch! @lexdeck: i swear i ll work for @realdonaldtrump one day watch out. @adultprodigy: @realdonaldtrump is cool. i like him. vote for him please. thanks. @kpdelbridge: you might- just be -the best president -to come along this whole dam- century but thats up to you? @realdonaldtrump thanks. @agegrilli35: @realdonaldtrump if i were american id vote for donald - greatest man on the planet. @coollukehh: a shame that @kevinjonas got fired from the #celebapprentice! would like to see him come back! @realdonaldtrump he will! @paulomyftaraj: @realdonaldtrump is great gosh darn we need him as president what a hero thank you. @misstetu: i love how easily @realdonaldtrump sees through the bull every-single-time. #respect #celebrityapprentice. @0nlypablo: watching season 8 of @apprenticenbc w joan on youtube and i m hooked! glad i found out about this show! #wherehaveibeen. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump they hate you cuz they ain t you #trump2016. @bhanks26: @realdonaldtrump kevin jonas was the man on #celebrityapprentice i would love to see him come back on! he will. @anaustrian: @realdonaldtrump @paulomyftaraj i said many times that i wouldve voted for trump each time he ran or thought about running. failure is simply the opportunity to begin again this time more intelligently. - henry ford. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: exclusive: trump to address south carolina tea party convention. via @theybf: @msvivicafox attends a private screening donald trump donates 25k to @peachespulliams kamp kizzy. the trumps pay tribute to the late @joan rivers via @azcentral. my condolences and prayers to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris. why does obama continue to release the worst of the worst from gitmo?! look at paris and wake up! congratulations to new congressman @leezeldin being named to house foreign affairs comm. and co-chair the house republican israel caucus. if the people so violently shot down in paris had guns at least they would have had a fighting chance. isnt it interesting that the tragedy in paris took place in one of the toughest gun control countries in the world? remember when guns are outlawed only outlaws will have guns! via @thestate by @andyshain: donald trump joins other 2016 prospects speaking at sc tea party convention. donald trump to address sc tea party coalition at myrtle beach event via @carolinalive by @timmcginniswpde. i would like to thank @golfmagazine for the really nice review of trump national doral - best renovation of the year and maybe all time . @vindaniels: @glennnights @realdonaldtrump he is correct. france has harsh gun laws. terrorists were carrying ak47. @japple8686: @my3alexandra @realdonaldtrump cop was unarmed watch the news. almost no news organizations are showing the satirical pictures. gee i wonder why? the media is usually so brave! who is paying for that tedious smokey bear commercial that is on all the time - enough already! politicians are all talk no action! --- just look at our country. @joshuadummer: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. @moneymakingshoe: @realdonaldtrump run for president. @erniefan4life: @realdonaldtrump right on man. run for president & fix it. @yankeerunnerlv:please please please give strong and serious consideration running in 2016 and saving this country. u have my vote #trump16. @demerytaylor: @realdonaldtrump the country needs trump in 2016! @kim ann1: @realdonaldtrump @joshuadummer i ll vote donald. @bnicehouse: @realdonaldtrump get this lunatic out of office run for president! @cazeauhue: @realdonaldtrump @joshuadummer you ll be the best president for usa. @bnicehouse: @realdonaldtrump we need someone with a sense of urgency and you are the man! #trump2016. @bennn g: @realdonaldtrump you need to show them how it s done run for office. @jackievandyck: @realdonaldtrump i get to vote for the president for the first time in 2016. i hope you re on the ballot. @eflaves: @realdonaldtrump motivate me to actually vote and get on that forkin ballot. @themattgrissom: @realdonaldtrump that s why someone not in politics needs to run for president. i think you know a guy. @jack city @realdonaldtrump looks like you re going to have to take action like you do with business and make a change yourself.#trump2016. @salomey5: lol rt @realdonaldtrump: @demerytaylor: @realdonaldtrump the country needs trump in 2016! @marylaand : @realdonaldtrump why aren t you running for president? i m not even a republican but i d still vote for you. @willfitz94: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 or bust. @daniel stephan : @realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house donald. somebody s gotta get this country back on track! #trump2016. @mustafa nadia: @bnicehouse i agree! what america needs right now isn t a politician but a businessman who can run america effectively. @chrispalmer: @realdonaldtrump trump is up late...preparing his campaign for president i hope. @kencee11: we need you to run for potus. we need a real american one with the same values that built this country.. go trump 2016 ! @jake wiley12: #trump16 #trump16 #trump16 #trump16 #trump16 @realdonaldtrump. @prowland11: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for my first presidential vote to be for you! #trump16. @sassysexylove: @realdonaldtrump: politicians are all talk no action! --- just look at our country. exactly right! #trump2016. @awildpiglet: @realdonaldtrump we need you in that office!! #trump16 !! @sparkleawin: besides u i think @ivankatrump would be a great choice as the 1st woman president. very business savy like her dad. @hgswiney: i want my vote to be for someone with values that can turn this nation around @realdonaldtrump. #trump16. @salvatorenasca: @realdonaldtrump a real man who cares about his country only needs a few hours to sleep. #trump2016 #work&progress. @alli dukes: i d love to see @realdonaldtrump run in 2016. @tristandixon17: i always said i d never vote but if @realdonaldtrump runs for president than he s got mine #trump2016. @justsoldcom: finally a real american running america!! @realdonaldtrump. goodnight everyone sleep tight! it s record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast! @insidesouthfl: photo: #jonathanaldridge & #donaldtrump #1 show @theapprentice9 @nbc! #1 golf course @trumpdoral! watch @apprenticenbc episode 2 online again via @nbc: nobody out thinks donald trump. via @nypost by @starrmss: trump: @apprenticenbc contestants the meanest by far. you have enemies? good. that means you ve stood up for something sometime in your life. -- winston churchill. #tbt with tommy lee jones at mar-a-lago. i will be on @letterman tonight. be sure to watch! always a great time. @lateshow. via @arutzsheva en by moshe cohen: donald trump: french gun control allowed terrorists to succeed. to be completed this yeartrump intl golf club dubai will feature a 7205-yard par 71 & double-sided driving range. looking forward to being honored with the prestigious friend of israel award at the @algemeiner gala dinner. but if someone has a gun and is trying to kill you... it would be reasonable to shoot back with your own gun. - @dalailama. fact the tighter the gun laws the more violence. the criminals will always have guns. via @newsmax media by @melaniebatley: donald trump: france s strict gun laws enabled attack. you may want to watch david letterman tonight - i am on! @frobbedrickson: @realdonaldtrump love the #celebrityapprentice! absolutely 100 gold! @duttyval202: @realdonaldtrump: it s record cold all over the country and world - where the hell is global warming we need some fast! .@ximenanr great job we are all proud of you - one of our all time best! @christ step: @realdonaldtrump 2016 better be the year first year i ll be able to vote and we need a money mastermind like you in office. @nnogemane: @realdonaldtrump just watched y interview-the economic club. great interview!! thanks. @lordmackie1: @realdonaldtrump just caught up on the celeb apprentice and im hooked. gerlado is a maniac and i love it and you. @stacyrippy: @realdonaldtrump darn it! if only those criminals would follow the laws of gun legislation! #2a but they don t. @adamangus15: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice my new favorite show great. @kevweezy5: @realdonaldtrump my personal hero. @jenlynette: @realdonaldtrump @lordmackie1 great show this season #celebrityapprentice. @likefinewine63: @realdonaldtrump you rock and i u! @tiyah valentina: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time. @clarkrogers123: @realdonaldtrump tellen it like it is such a genius!!!! @sassysexylove: @realdonaldtrump: @tiyah valentina: #celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time. absolutely! wish it was on more! @benjamineem: @realdonaldtrump s views regarding a more affordable health care system expressed on @letterman is spot on. @ximenafansnr: @ximenanr @realdonaldtrump of course she is the best! no one will ever be better than she. @rayplaca: @realdonaldtrump watching you now. great tv. @heelsgunner: watched @realdonaldtrump on the late show talk fiscally responsible politics we need more of that in this country! @mrsmikehoover: @realdonaldtrump watching @the lateshow i m thinking #donaldtrump for president please run i ll vote. @marinafey: @ximenanr @realdonaldtrump both of you are role models. @juliakoinis: @realdonaldtrump tellin it how it is on letterman love ya donald. @daxdav21: say what you will about @realdonaldtrump the man is not only a business & political expert but he truly loves his country! @allteamscards: @realdonaldtrump great interview on #letterman. yes we r going to miss him! @b0923ef3dd5d46c wow! thx donald! you said it like it is.....who would of thought you you were out for the blue collar....poor people..... @city1star: @realdonaldtrump great job on letterman. you re absolutely correct about healthcare it s horrible & not working. @sassysexylove: @adamangus15: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice my new favorite show great. my mom&i watch together! #bonding. @moneguapboi716: @realdonaldtrump: @likefinewine63: @realdonaldtrump you rock and i u! @yolandpop: @sassysexylove: @realdonaldtrump: @tiyah valentina: #celebrityapprentice best show of alllllll time. absolutely! @cuneytgkn: @realdonaldtrump keepng t real on davd letterman. @rositalacruz: i love you @realdonaldtrump i love yours books resgards from venezuela!!!! @conconbonbon7: @realdonaldtrump saw u on letterman always a treat! #trump2016 #trump4president. @dapp4: @realdonaldtrump man i love you! #thedonaldforpres. @twojjrs: @realdonaldtrump: @juliakoinis: @realdonaldtrump tellin it how it is on letterman love ya donald he should be #president. @markweinzierl: love that @realdonaldtrump is one of the few famous people in the public eye that will proudly support the #2ndamendment! @gpadilla0724: .@realdonaldtrump should definitely run for president in 2016! what a true american. @coxsam5: i swear @realdonaldtrump is my ideal. i just wanna be successful. @bigdaddy441: @realdonaldtrump run for president so that hillary don t win. please? @brad carley: @realdonaldtrump awesome job on letterman great interview! @cwbyfn12: @realdonaldtrump you really need to run for president. our country needs a leader like you! @jjeffries33: @realdonaldtrump hopefully your announcing your running for president tonight on letterman! #trump2016. @ castoz: @realdonaldtrump should be president of the united states. @jackiieg: why isn t @realdonaldtrump president yet #2016 is your year. @mikeyjacques: @realdonaldtrump is a bad a i could only be so lucky to have an amazing mentor like that in my life. @d bunzz: @realdonaldtrump the donald looking good in the red tie on david letterman #votered #2016. @mrgardner81: @realdonaldtrump on letterman.. #classic. @toby boyer: @realdonaldtrump we need you to save our country! #runforprez. @jamiescoins: would you approve of martin @ scorsese or francis ford coppola ever directing a movie of your life ? would be fascinating! @macaronipizzaa: @realdonaldtrump would make everything better if he ran for president lol i agree. @hargraveglobal: i really hope @realdonaldtrump is running for president. @zachadkinsz: @realdonaldtrump you should totally run for president. i don t think hillary has what it takes. @ snurk: we need @realdonaldtrump to save the day! we re not worryin at all bc donal trump is on the way 2016!! listen for his call! @erikmthompson: i just don t want #donaldtrump to run for president because that would mean no more #theapprentice donald trumps letterman. @scooper1949p: hello mr. trump. i am very proud of you for saying what you said about guns in paris . i hope you become president. @carastarey: so glad the celebrity apprentice is back!! i love this show. @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc. if you think you can do a thing or think you can t do a thing you re right. -- henry ford. watch my appearance on @letterman from last night-. entrepreneurs: be totally focused. know everything you can about what you re doing. give your work 100 of your concentrated effort. entrepreneurs: business is a creative endeavor. being innovative being open to new ideas. keep an open mind! entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. via @newsmax media: donald trump 2016: 8 facts about personal life of gop presidential hopeful. @missusa nia sanchez of nevada is ready for @missuniverse via @lasvegassun by @robin leach. @letterman to donald trump: fire @geraldorivera via @mediaite by @themattwilstein. via @wbtwnews13 by @elizabethk wbtw: donald trump will deliver keynote address to the sc tea party convention. via @wdesmoinespatch by @derekj3031: @shawnjohnson on @apprenticenbc. @dexterteebow: @realdonaldtrump : u r spot-on however fools reject and even rage at truths. king solomon. @ltaustin : #celebrityapprentice is my favorite reality show right now s o @realdonaldtrump. @run: can you really argue withdonaldtrump view that an individual has the right to defend self & family when life is directly threatened? @jewmoney5280: @realdonaldtrump geraldo rivera is the gary busey of this season of #celebrityapprentice. @diamondd keefy: @realdonaldtrump should be president!!! #presidenttrump. the french police are afraid to go into many communities. how did france let this all happen and how did the female terrorist ever escape? @cpetelis: @realdonaldtrump i have been hearing mitt romney might run. he doesn t know nothing. you do. he had his chance and he blew it! @hidej491: @realdonaldtrump with us you are no.1. @kleptocratia: @realdonaldtrump @scooper1949p me too donald trump for president! @mills0210: @terrellowens what the celebrity apprentice & as a cowboy fan i m rooting for u!!! @realdonaldtrump. @skinner5569: @piersmorgan @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @markburnetttv mickey rourke r u going on the apprentice? @danhalen: donaldtrump great job on letterman last night! great points on healthcare and our national debt! thank you for bringing that up. @rmutt 17: @realdonaldtrump a great man. thanks. @bpeazy42: @realdonaldtrump make while others sleep! @the life of dg: @realdonaldtrump you know how to lead! that s what the people need!! get ready for two amazing episodes of celebrity apprentice tomorrow night monday at 8:00. some incredible things happen! @mareegrandy: @realdonaldtrump no no no ... gosselin has go to go ... will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. @cunninghamny: im on board for a @realdonaldtrump presidency! the man knows what he s talking about! @ryanjacob56: @realdonaldtrump run for president please. @danielprofit: @jskrepak @realjameswoods @realdonaldtrump you really think we will have another elected president before obama starts ww3. remember @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. and celebrity apprentice at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! @chriswerner1988: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016 !!! @tjoanides: @realdonaldtrump i have a huge problem with the celebrity apprentice. it s only on once a week! #bingeviewer sorry! tonight at 8:00 is a really big one for a double episode of celebrity apprentice. watch you won t believe what happens! @odedonrealitytv: @realdonaldtrump anxious for another 2 hrs. of @apprenticenbc tonight. @realpro4real: @ivankatrump @jofroggatt #downtonabbey is just awful... too british :- i prefer @apprenticenbc with @realdonaldtrump. @kolie yola: i do like @realdonaldtrump! thank you. @sterlingmholmes: @realdonaldtrump cant wait to hear you on @foxandfriends on @foxnews this morning. #commonsenseman. @nancynaigle: rt @realdonaldtrump: @jhspraggins: @realdonaldtrump please fire @geraldorivera soon! ... @jhspraggins: @herself311 @geraldorivera s ego is outta control! i believe he s trying to upstage trump but that will never happen. some of the women on celebrity apprentice are absolutely crazy - maybe the wildest thing ever on reality television. watch tonight! @amandaj1981: watching episode 1 of the new season of the apprentice in melbourne australia! it s boardroom time!! love this show!! @snoburd: here s an idea: why don t donaldtrump and @mittromney run on the same ticket instead of running against each other? no thanks! @mattygeorge: #celebapprentice is back! 1st episode on now in australia! love the boardroom drama so good raising for charity. @de devries: @realdonaldtrump heading to #miami to watch the @missuniverse all the way from australia !!! can t wait. @jlow: monday mornings are twice as hard when i don t have @foxandfriends and donald to listen to. thanks @dish for taking away my fox! @gcjaramillo1: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! this country needs you mr trump!! @spooh news: @realdonaldtrump if you decide to run i volunteer to run your southwest va campaign. via @thehill by @hugginsrachel: trump looking very seriously at 2016 run. my @morning joe int. w @morningmika @joenbc & @thomasaroberts f @trumpdoral on why romney shouldn t be @gop nominee. lights... camera....you re fired! all new @apprenticenbc tonight at 8pm et on nbc! my @foxandfriends int.on @foxnewsinsider: we have no leadership : trump slams obama for skipping paris unity rally. @jules 2010: @realdonaldtrump @johnnydamon what s geraldo #gameplan #runjohnnyrun @ianziering #teamian @2paragraphs. #celebapprentice i will be live tweeting no spoilers during tonight s all new @apprenticenbc at 8pm et. let s go! #celebapprentice. #celebapprentice we always make sure to have great nyc locations for the task delivery. #celebapprentice what do you think of the choices for project manager? #celebapprentice selfies- yes or no? #celebapprentice #teamvortex or #teaminfinity? #celebapprentice time for the first firing of the night. @hoganseaisle129: @realdonaldtrump who who who ... say it just say it #celebapprentice watch and see what happens! #celebapprentice stay tuned for the 2nd half we have one more firing tonight! #celebapprentice what do you think of the new teams pms? #celebapprentice who do you think won? #celebapprentice another exciting episode -tune in next monday at 8pm for 2 more new episodes! @jenlynette: @realdonaldtrump what an awesome night! #celebapprentice. @shipwreck2014: @realdonaldtrump for president i cant wait for next monday to watch @theapprentice9. @wendimac27: @realdonaldtrump my husband wanted to watch with me tonight because he loves to hear you say you re fired #celebapprentice. @arezo ra: @geraldorivera your my #favorite on #theapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @norahs1967: @realdonaldtrump please please please run for president!!! @mrzmazz: #celebapprentice why do we have to see @geraldorivera with out his shirt? @realdonaldtrump please stop this from happening. @kenyamoore:i don t know what s more intimidating going in the boardroom with donaldtrump or being judged by @ivankatrump and @donald jr. @ladillard4: @ianziering was incredible tonight on #celebapprentice ! @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump. @misnsomething:donald was pretty amazing for taking money out of his own pocket and topping both teams off to 300000.00 #celebapprentice. @danfarfan: more fun @apprenticenbc dual tonight. t.o. was in tough spot. perhaps this.. :- @realdonaldtrump. @mrkblds: @northwesternsig @donaldjtrumpjr sig s just layin in the cut sizin em up & lettin his pots soak! all bizz! goooo hawks!! @fanfareman: donaldtrump sir so enjoyed appren tonight tears in eyes for terrell shawn so sweet adorable everything you touch turns gold. @katebug7777777: @realdonaldtrump i know it makes for an exciting show on @celebapprentice but i still wish more had integrity & patience. @gunjan507: miss universe preliminary competition on january 21 @noyonitalodh @missuniverse @realdonaldtrump. @alexmaymcgregor: watching #celebapprentice and i think @ianziering is my fave person because he always is respectful and nice. @thedeckerfiles: @realdonaldtrump people are talking about you running for the prez. @katebug7777777: @ivankatrump enjoying this season of @celebapprentice thank you for your intelligent powerful common sense approach. @inception e: money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. @abelerner: now you have to run for #prez @realdonaldtrump. @jdm jennifer: @realdonaldtrump wow monday is going to be a good one! you had to be one of the last people to work with joan rivers. via @cbsmiami by @lisapetrillo: trump unveils renovated @trumpdoral red tiger golf course. trump on romney: you just cant give him another chance:some golfers can t sink the 3 ft. putt. via @pjmedia com. via @sunsentinel by @joaniecox: in palm beach nothing trumps the trump invitational. @nbcapprentice: and the fired celebrities are... via @ew by @daltonross. #celebapprentice photo from last night s boardroom. a list golfing buddy! @tegan martin enjoys golf w donald trump ahead of@missuniverse via @dailymailceleb. icymi @ivankatrumps @waytooearly int. w @thomasaroberts on @apprenticenbc s firingstrump intl dc & @missuniverse. the new red tiger course at @trumpdoral- follow @trumpgolf for more great photos. via @beforeitsnews: watch: see how trump just torched obama biden kerry for snubbing paris anti-terror march. @arabiangolftv: great progress at #akoya by @damacproperties architect gil hanse creating a masterpiece for #dubai! @bensardella: all class on #celebapprentice by @terrellowens - good job to! cc @realdonaldtrump. @eliastahan: @realdonaldtrump 2016. @tonymcman: @realdonaldtrump president donald j trump sounds greatbut what do you think mr trump? @gillibean8514: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @nbc @realdonaldtrump your awesome i hope you win brandi. @jaayzen: @seanhannity sean i ve been begging him but will need someone with clout. ask donald trump to run. charlie hebdo reminds me of the satirical rag magazine spy that was very dishonest and nasty and went bankrupt. charlie was also broke! if the morons who killed all of those people at charlie hebdo would have just waited the magazine would have folded - no money no success! via @linksmagazine: only the donald. looking forward to keynoting the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach on monday at 3:20pm! @gregg7493: need democrats out so i hope republicans and tea party don t split the votes come election time. ps love the apprentice. @melissabxny: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the new ferry point park course to open will be great. @flipper3964: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @nbc @realdonaldtrump you look amazing! thank you. @shinatasangh: my stunning friend @noyonitalodh miss india hope she gets 3rd @missuniverse crown 4 india @laradutta. @leodolphin3: @gillibean8514 @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @nbc i hope @kenyamoore or @geraldorivera win. they are fun to watch. @elsalopes53: it would be really great to invite ximena navarrete as a surprise guest to next mushow. we love her and we miss her!! @janetspencer15: @realdonaldtrump excited you will be in myrtle beach this weekend. see you there! @maddymcnabb: love when @realdonaldtrump gives advice to entrepreneurs on twitter! it s a great motivator thanks. @robspardello: @leodolphin3 @gillibean8514 @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc @nbc @kenyamoore @geraldorivera can t wait till apprentice !!! @kimjongsean: @realdonaldtrump this will be my first ever vote in a presidential election would love to see you on the ballot! @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! big fan of the #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @jack p ivory: @realdonaldtrump for president! only vote worth casting! @ahansen20: @realdonaldtrump trump national doral beatiful amazing & #bestshowersever...and gary players pics in my room doesn t hurt! @smileygirl2328: @ianziering love u on the apprentice @realdonaldtrump. watch: @missuniverse contestants golf with donald trump @trumpdoral via @kyleportercbs by @cbssports. despite what the haters and losers like to say i never filed for bankruptcy but wow the preeminent gaming company caesars just did. @buffyg6820: i say donald trump takeover the whitehouse now barack obama is a fraud. donaldtrump @housegop @epn. @venuemagazine : .@realdonaldtrump unveils brand new red tiger course at @trumpdoral-. @kentbulle: heading to @realdonaldtrump trump international in west palm for a match with @marksilvers3 @gene sauers and mike goodes. @natswish: @realdonaldtrump the country needs to be run like a business. no better person for the job than you! i agree thanks. @danielcclarke: @realdonaldtrump would love to play that golf course some day!! trump national doral. @seandoncito: @b cavaliere: donald trump needs to be president nowwwwww!!! @realdonaldtrump. @unique4x: @realdonaldtrump run already dude! @funton08: @realdonaldtrump @venuemagazine @trumpdoral that is beautiful. @bringsjohn: well @realdonaldtrump has a point. but caesar never filed for bankruptcy either. @codematic: @realdonaldtrump @buffyg6820@housegop @epn dont get me wrong mr. trump is awesome but where is he on our rights 1st 2nd 4th. @captainnormal: @realdonaldtrump don t run for president! you ll win and i won t get to watch celebrity apprentice for four whole years! @gcolangelo68: @realdonaldtrump its unbelievable lately poor atlantic city true very sad but i left years ago. @bernardv777: i always new that and the idiots out there just prefer to be as they are ignorant spewing thoughts w o merit mr.president! @natashaownfan: @missuniverse @trumpdoral @kyleportercbs @cbssports donald you have such a huge heart love everything trump. the episode of the apprentice that everyone has been waiting for....joan rivers stars and she is and does great! next monday night at 8:00. @engy20: @realdonaldtrump i think you would be one of the great presidents! admiration and respect from canada mr. trump! thanks. via @nydailynews by eugene dunn: trump the nation s great hope. donald trump turns over 11.5 ac.in rancho palos verdes for recreational open space @dailybreezenews by @meg barnes. donald trump donates land to conservation group in palos verdes via @mynewsla. @yankeerunnerlv: god bless you for such generous act of kindness by featuring your friend joan rivers in monday s @apprenticenbc. via @wtoc11: donald trump headlines tea party convention in myrtle beach looking forward to visiting sc on monday! donald trump: i m not buying the @brooklynnets via @tmz sports. via @pvpatch by paige austin: trump to donate 12 acres for conservation in palos verdes. @ap interview: @missuniverse gabriela isler reflects as her reign winds down via @yahoonews. via @eonline by @brettmalec: 2014 @missuniverse contestants. @tuertaorsini: @bpinspiracion no deberias mezclar tu imagen con este tipo de cosas miss argentina @realdonaldtrump. @douglas swain: the best hotel in chicago! @realdonaldtrump love this place! @leezagibbons: look at us acting all nice at the #tca15 for apprenticenbc ! @realdonaldtrump was quite the headline. @mvermi: . @sentedcruz @realdonaldtrump @realbencarson head to the palmetto state #scteaparty15. dont miss it. @vladimirrussia7: @realdonaldtrump ohhow i respect you- a billionairea family manand a tv star! thanks. @dpc1975: i will never get a reply but @realdonaldtrump is the real deal. #tca15 is the best show on tv right now. @alamsyahdoni: @realdonaldtrump please rate her miss indonesia one of fadil s fave. @jasonpruett1: @realdonaldtrump ready for a new eppisode of the celebraty apprentice! #yourfired #trumprocks. @bernardcastro3: @realdonaldtrump whether it s the original or celebrity versioni love @apprenticenbc. @rick74467: @donaleecurtis @apprenticenbc #celebrityapprentice is only reality show that s interesting to me! plus it s for charity. @jordanwells119: i forgot how much i love #theapprentice and trump so glad i m watching this season! all hail king @realdonaldtrump. @caejh: got out of class and immediately turned donald trump on as loud as i could. it s the weekend. @uf9606084212012: @realdonaldtrump please save us run #savior got my vote. @zyezhe: @realdonaldtrump @missuniverse top 6. @bjkizer74:donaldtrump why do we keep putting the same people on the republican ticket for potus? romney? bush? cruz? paul? #yourtimeisnow. @gilmore747: miss universe top contender this year? y or n @realdonaldtrump #missuniverse. @patricijabelous: this man is our everyting!!! @realdonaldtrump @trumpdoral. @yeenkochchapong: @realdonaldtrump thailand. monday night at 8:00 will be must see television. our wonderful joan rivers plays a major role as my advisor on the apprentice. amazing! via @fitsnews: donald trump knows how to tea party - the donald plans splashy landing in myrtle beach s.c. @kbherman: 75 degrees and perfect @trumpgolfla beautiful work @realdonaldtrump !!! thanks. @muaria : @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the miss universe pageant! hopefully another latina takes the crown. @pjleger: @realdonaldtrump in my opinion this is the best season of the celebrity apprentice!! donald trump to headline sc tea party convention via @wyffnews4. @mr babble: @bernardcastro3: @realdonaldtrump whether it s the original or celebrity versioni love @apprenticenbc. @ahataas: @realdonaldtrump @tigre hoy @missuniverse go miss philippines!! @desify: @realdonaldtrump @notteridax @alphaquintesson you got tweeted by d trump? ur a legend.. @notteridax: hey @realdonaldtrump you d be the best president ever if you ran right now you re hotter than ever! @alliekat129: @realdonaldtrump i don t know what you do but your doing it right. @apprenticenbc: in memory of @joan rivers via @tvgrapevine. via @nolanews by @davewalkertv: donald trump praises @joan rivers as strong vibrant in @apprenticenbc return. @angiemcmonigal: a glorious winter afternoon in #chicago @trumpchicago @realdonaldtrump. @sritacolombia: do you think that #missuniverse is like a world cup? totally agree @realdonaldtrump. @danscavino:tom brady & @realdonaldtrump make for solid golf partners at trump national golf club. #patriotsvscolts. @stkhlder3: @brandiglanville awww looks like such fun! #teambrandi i m loving ya on @apprenticenbc !! good job @realdonaldtrump. i look forward to being in south carolina tomorrow a total sellout crowd! i will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. enjoy! the apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. joan rivers puts on a great show! .@foxandfriends in five minutes! @vivianbrown21:can t wait till tonight to see episodew joan rivers !!a true winner!! hope you paytribute to her greatness! joan#rivers ! @marksimoneny: @realdonaldtrump slams romney 2016: he choked like a dog last time. via @myrbeachonline by @tsn mprabhu: donald trump states case for becoming potus at sc tea party convention. via @carolinalive by @joelallenwpde:big names wrap up largest ever sc tea party coalition convention. joan rivers on the apprentice tonight at 8:00. i will be live tweeting. joan was great! @abbydnyc: @realdonaldtrump: the apprentice will be very exciting and interesting tonight at 8:00. joan rivers puts on a great show! @shortcakessheep: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait!!! @jfoxy: @babcocksflyhair @realdonaldtrump do not listen don you are great and should be presidant thanks. @realitytvbliss: tune into #celebrityapprentice at 8 pm est on #nbc with the beautiful & smart @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump. @antonio annesi: @realdonaldtrump always look forward to monday nights! #celebrityapprentice. @adiscurtu: time for my weekly fix of #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @timbowoods: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for tonight s show. #trumpforpresident. @rickvanhouse: @realdonaldtrump cigars scotch and the apprentice. the best. @keithwmcandrew: it s going to be an emotional @apprenticenbc tonight with @joan rivers final tv appearance. #celebapprentice. @tamster613: who is watching @apprenticenbc with me? #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @natashaownfan: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc tick tock it s here love this show. @dm1one: not feeling well today but i must take the time 4 #celebrityapprentice & #joanrivers #celebapprentice great season! @madisonbb11: @realdonaldtrump the theme song never gets old. #celebrityapprentice. @hoganseaisle129: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @joan rivers beautiful tribute to the fabulous joan rivers and ivanka. @thestangshow: @realdonaldtrump you the man! you can never be too young to be a fan of you! #donaldtrumprocks thanks. @sabrinabrierowe: @celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump rushed home to watch my favorite show #celebapprentice ..... @tula2nails. air force trump: ahead of 2016 the donald slams romney bush in south carolina via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1. @capital golf: @realdonaldtrump my 10 yr old daughter watches #celebrityapprentice over disney channel. #lovestowin #willlovetheshoes. @burgundylue: i am enjoying watching joan rivers on @apprenticenbc thanks @realdonaldtrump for inviting her #celebrityapprentice. @gabbardjodi: @realdonaldtrump @tamster613 @apprenticenbc would not miss it for anything. @ivankatrump: btw this is a @celebapprentice firsti announced the project winner! @realdonaldtrump how did i do? great! @carolinastoday: @realdonaldtrump do you get to see the packages before going into the boardroom? not often! @marybrittles: joan is one of the greats. wonderful to see her on #theapprentice for the last time. god bless you ms rivers. @igotangeleyes: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @celebapprentice awesome. @jamielee2b: @realdonaldtrump so nice to see one last look at ms. joan rivers on #celebrityapprentice. @allstars s2: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @celebapprentice you did a good job ivanka. great show! @dj4corners: @realdonaldtrump you were awesome! trump arrives for sc tea party convention in myrtle beach via @wcbd. @tmadsen32: no better way to spend my monday evening than watching celebrity apprentice @realdonaldtrump. new episode starting now! @beetabenjy: i really genuinely love @realdonaldtrump. a man of reason. @natashaownfan: @shawnjohnson @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump you have accomplished so much this young you have a huge road ahead. @lolabeauty33: @realdonaldtrump i love watching the two episodes in one! #celebapprentice. @welolawants: bittersweet to see the very missed & very talented @joan rivers on @theapprentice9. @realdonaldtrump. @phillynutt68: my only question to @realdonaldtrump how do you handle all these celebs? crazy! my hats off to you! @nikk1985: @ivankatrump you have such amazing style and a strong role-model @realdonaldtrump should be proud. @stacygalore: i think i m getting addicted to @realdonaldtrump power and his voice. #celebrityapprentice #yourfired. @orianauk: u r amazing students and business s learn so much through ur program it s very inspiring as well as entertaining. thank u! @susieqlaw: @realdonaldtrump great pm choices! #celebrityapprentice. @j ennaleigh: everything @realdonaldtrump touched turns to gold #takenotes @apprenticenbc. @lirpa mc: @realdonaldtrump loved seeing joan rivers tonight! and @ivankatrump is such a classy amazing woman. you should be proud! @amandageorge22: @ivankatrump @celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump you did awesome ! loved the challenge !! @jasonpruett1: what a true entrepreneur! celebrity apprentice creates great leaders which offers successful tools along this journey! @jerrimoore: @realdonaldtrump awesome. a treat to get to see the brilliant joan rivers once more #icon. @sattendoll: @realdonaldtrump - i do not understand how are they still in business. h & r block is terrible! @eryn3043: it was so great to see joan rivers back on my tv screen truly miss her thank you donaldtrump. i love watching the apprentice. @melchaz23: @realdonaldtrump you are so genuine with joan always highlighting what an amazing woman she was. @misscongress: @realdonaldtrump and @ivankatrump are my favorite people on tv. #celebapprentice thanks. @mightywhimpfarm: @realdonaldtrump it is so unbelievably nice to see @joan rivers on the @theapprentice9! #celebapprentice. @orianauk: @realdonaldtrump my daughter n i watching #celebapprentice very inspiration. u r a very humble gentleman love the boardroom. @brizzzzzle: watching celebrity apprentice and missing joan rivers @joanrivers @realdonaldtrump. @davekaszerman: @realdonaldtrump great season. it gets better every week. trump at tea party via @myrbeachonline. @chrissycmc: @realdonaldtrump i am loving @brandiglanville on the show : : she is my favorite. #apprenticenbc. @mwypa18: @realdonaldtrump love leeza she s amazing tonight. via @wmbfnews: donald trump puts tea party on map for 2016. @ipaulydip: @alexvent13 @realdonaldtrump him and sailor jerry. @iammetx: love @realdonaldtrump comment about what @kenyamoore said about lr. lmao!!!@brandiglanville #celebapprentice #teambrandi. @mynamesjae: i love @realdonaldtrump. he cracks me up. #celebapprentice. @dj4corners: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to the next episode.. @carolinalive inside look at donald trump s private jet by @marcliverman. tea talk: highlights from monday convention speech from donald trump via @myrbeachonline by @tsn mprabhu. via @bpolitics by @griffin aboard donald trumps 757 at the south carolina tea party convention. donald trump to mitt romney: youre fired via @fitsnews. @melrivers: @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr thank you for all of your kindness and support. my mother loved you all. love! @catham11: @ew love this man!!! @realdonaldtrump thanks. @catham11: @ew @realdonaldtrump you were my inspiration to go for my b.s. in marketing. @jaylefkowitz: @realdonaldtrump @fitsnews agreed! romney would be a terrible candidate that could never beat hillary. we need trump! @theoneguyandrew: it s such a bitter sweet emotional time seeing @joan rivers on @theapprentice9 @apprenticenbc.thank you for airing this! @dshimogawa: another great #celebrityapprenctice #celebapprentice tonight! @ivankatrump @erictrump @realdonaldtrump @nbc @nordstrom. with joan rivers and ivankatrump from last night s great boardroom! via @thestate by @ap: donald trump: giving serious thought to presidential run. great list of spring travel ideas from our @trumpcollection properties:. tomorrow on the @missuniverse facebook page submit your final question for the contestants-. icymi @ivankatrumps int. on @todayshow discussing @joan rivers & contestant rivalries on @apprenticenbc. congratulations to @trumpchicago and @sixteenchicago for receiving the @aaanews five diamond award again this year! tonight on @extratv im talking #celebapprentice. tune-in! with @shawnjohnson and @lorenzolamas from @apprenticenbc- two great people! @dallasvercillo: boys from the hood call me black donald trump #facts great. @delans: trump tower is not a building it is an event! - donald trump. @thetomzone: donald trump is a respected businessman with insightful political opinions. #foxnewsfacts. @957thegame: what s more intimidating mariano rivera s cutter or getting fired by donald trump? johnny damon says it s trump. @apprentice. @jaylefkowitz: @dewarsplz @fitsnews @sentedcruz ted cruz would be fine as would huckabee. but trump would be best and romney the worst. @jackgulas: @realdonaldtrump @fitsnews agree with mr. trump for @gop nominee to win in 2016. can t be mitt. bold conservative needed. @jmontgomery1965: please save us from this bs in dc my heads going to pop off if any of these clowns get elected please run.....please! @bullalyssa: @realdonaldtrump ... your tweets are always epic!! @nancy miracle: i hope that in my lifetime i will see you deliver a state of the union address. president trump ....i m ready for it!!! @sassypantsjj: so upset that celebrity apprentice is almost over it s way too short this season realize there s 2 episodes but want more. @lord sugar: can you get me a parking slot at mar a lago on sunday its very busy with the car show meeting @ianjamespoulter yes call me! @gamoffour: @realdonaldtrump @sassypantsjj focus on being the next prez donald! we need you! @resilienceisme: @realdonaldtrump what do you think of miss universe bahamas? beautiful and nice! @pwrussell95: @realdonaldtrump should ve been you making that speech tonight #sotu2015 i agree! @pamplinfilmco: @realdonaldtrump when trump is president do you think he ll televise cabinet meetings & fire someone each week? @cheflucky23: you have my vote and a volunteer please run we need a president that can bring the pride back in being american! @catham11: @realdonaldtrump @dallasvercillo trump has swag. @missey5mae: i think if a gop candidate really wants to win he will name @realdonaldtrump as the chief trade negotiator. if scotland would have gone independent predicated on 100 - 150 oil they would now be bust! based on new oil prices the ugly windfarms being built in scotland will quickly die! what a mess! miss israel and miss lebanon- no more fighting! #trumpvlog #missuniverse. i look forward to attending & speaking at the iowa land investment expototal sellout crowd @peoplescompany. icymi my speech this past monday at the south carolina tea party convention in myrtle beach #scteaparty15. be sure to watch highlights from the record setting 14th season of @apprenticenbc here. via @latinovoices by @caritojuliette: meet the latina 2014 @missuniverse candidates. via @examinercom by @mellyora13: trump: was benghazi the result of incompetence or something more sinister? congratulations to @joniernst on delivering a strong conservative message in her #sotu response. joni will be a great senator. congress use the power of the purse. stop amnesty! dress your best! the trump signature collection exclusively available @macys offers the tops style in menswear. the secret of getting ahead is getting started. -- mark twain. only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. -- t. s. eliot. just watched @patriots bill belichicks news conference. he did a great jobsmart concise truthful! the new winter menu @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago explores the evolution of fine dining - @robbreport. they just arrested pol shelly silver in new york. why arent they arresting a far bigger crook --@agschneiderman? entrepreneurs: use your imagination. use your intelligence to execute what your imagination presents to you. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. this will focus you in the right direction. put everything you ve got into what you re doing. entrepreneurs: everything starts with you. realize that you re in charge. whatever happens you re responsible. which national costume do you think should win? #tbt with the wonderful actor jack nicholson. which national costume do you think should win? which national costume do you think should win? which national costume do you think should win? which national costume do you think should win? @ethiopiawi: i love @realdonaldtrump personality. @luvcanes: caught up on @celebapprentice over the last two nights. @realdonaldtrump you ve done it again! awesome! @agtradertalk: going to go see @realdonaldtrump at the @landexpo tomorrow last year it was @tboonepickems totally sold out great. @auctioneerjared: @realdonaldtrump the @landexpo has kicked off! we ll see you tomorrow! i look forward to it! @bigshowfarm: donald trump on @bigshowfarm he ll be at @landexpo tomorrow. @landexpo: the land investment expo is completely sold out with record attendance for our eighth annual on friday. @rafmymillan: thanks @realdonaldtrump for your tips on entrepreneurshipit encouraged me to open a new chess sports club at uni! #mypassion. @sal lyann: @realdonaldtrump @landexpo no wonder you are smiling. @dshimogawa: when i grow up i want to be just like @realdonaldtrump! thanks. @josealfredotel1: @realdonaldtrump i think the best are india indonesia malaysia thailand japan dominican rep. canada colombia. @stickmissosolog: @realdonaldtrump the top 2 of miss universe 2014 should be #usa and #colombia. @bunyolan: @realdonaldtrump top5 the 63rd miss universe should be #usa #thailand #columbia #spain #jamaica #missuniverse. the @missuniverse contestants review their amazing stay at @trumpdoral-. just been informed by @nbc--they want to extend the run of the @apprenticenbc by two shows because it is doing so well. two hours live. just leaving for @landexpo in iowa--standing room only. my great honor. @peoplescompany. with oil below 50 the blighted views by windfarms of historic @culzeancastle will be very sad. #saveculzean. you have to learn the rules of the game. and then you have to play better than anyone else. -- albert einstein. via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: trump: i would ve won the race against obama. @vetteman88: @realdonaldtrump @dmregister @jenniferjjacobs we sure could use someone who cares about america. @dawnlaca: @realdonaldtrump @dmregister @jenniferjjacobs wishing trump was the pres. @brandeenscott21: @realdonaldtrump @dmregister @jenniferjjacobs trump 2016 you have my vote. @sam rellim: if trump ran in 16 it would be the 1st time i could stand by our president since i was old enough to understand politics. @dcfoodsafety: @nbc @apprenticenbc that is great this is a show that teaches you real skills - very few shows on tv actually do that! @dcfoodsafety: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump do you have a favorite for the super bowl coming up what is your pick? coach b brady and kraft! trump rails on romney as possible 2016 contender via @nypost by @geoffearle. via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: trump to hand out trump memorabilia at iowa summit. with @c soules from #thebachelor in iowa-. watch the 63rd annual @missuniverse pageant tomorrow on nbc at 8pm! via @abcpolitics by @rickklein: trump blasts romney bush says gop has nobody like trump. via @dmregister by @williampetroski: trump: i can make america great again. via @thehill by @timdevaney: donald trump: gop nominee cant be mitt cant be bush. thanks to @stevekingia for the kind introduction at the ia freedom summit & congrats to @david bossie & @citizens united on a great success! via @radioiowa by @okayhenderson: trump touts business career but not tv show during iowa speech. trump: no way bush romney would win in 2016 via @foxnews by barnini chakraborty. trump: seriously considering a presidential bid via @nbcnews. via @bpolitics by @tdopp: in iowa trump promises to surprise a lot of people. @yorkieartist: @chris 1791 @foxnews @realdonaldtrump was great - really laid out the problems and the solutions he @sentedcruz were best. @seangraf: rt @thomasaroberts: so this happened at dinner tonight @jeanniemai @nmoralesnbc #missuniverse 8pm. @mensamamma: you have to run mr.trump! you are the only person on the roster that can actually do the job! please please mr.trump run! @mensamamma: yes my simple campaign sloganwhich embodies your supporters feelings run donaldrun! please run mr. trump!!!! @good vibration7: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews filipinos love u mr trump! you are famous in the philippines!! we love what u do! thank you. @mensamamma: @realdonaldtrump run donaldrun! @maguvera: @realdonaldtrump i m so glad your show @apprenticenbc in @nbc will be extended 4 two hours.. i enjoy it !!!!! #great show. @pereirjb1: best speech given by @realdonaldtrump @ freedomsummit @common sense. says jeb mitt. @mr babble: @brandeenscott21: @realdonaldtrump @dmregister @jenniferjjacobs we sure could use someone who cares about america. @jackselo: the best phrase @realdonaldtrump has ever said? we don t need another bush well said! @laffranchini: @bamarshalla @politico @realdonaldtrump he is right neither bush or romney should run. we need someone who is not a wimp. @tanerollins: u need to run against romney bush. you know infinitely more about economics. but you must publicly criticize them #gop. @jcthecook: @realdonaldtrump @missuniverse hopefully europe will finally have a winner it s only been since 1990. @kfrgheather: watching home alone 2 with the little. didn t know @realdonaldtrump was on it! love the donald! @anitamarkdjones: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews i wish you would love to hear you fired to them in washington d.c. @elginet: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews do it please! @oav95: i m the one person who can make this country great again nobody else can - @realdonaldtrump. @mongo ebooks: please don t wuss out of running for president @realdonaldtrump. @jayhawkrunner: good work @roccomediate shooting -5 today in the @championstour event in hawaii sporting the @realdonaldtrump hat. @markmoran mn: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews would be a shock to have an experienced ceo in the wh rather than incompetent community organizers. @janicesaulnier1: keep trying different hotels while in vegas so far trump is the easy winner... by far in every way wow! @realdonaldtrump. @lroybal12: @realdonaldtrump: trump: seriously considering a presidential bid via @nbcnews got my vote! @zoukit1: @realdonaldtrump i have to admit that the donald would make one heck of a president. especially with the problems usa is facing. @tinypurplefishs: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews oh yeah and another thing we need you to run! save america before it s too late. @marino joanna: donaldtrump you would have my vote! it s time we stop electing lawyers and get strong business men in the executive office. via @breitbartnews: donald trump at summit: obamacare a filthy lie can build a beauty of a border fence. .@mannypacquiao and friends at @trumpdoral. my speech at yesterdays @stevekingia @citizens united iowa freedom summit via @foxnews. word is that @nbcnews is firing sleepy eyes chuck todd in that his ratings on meet the press are setting record lows. he s a real loser! @griffintimothy: @realdonaldtrump i bet ur great in bed true! @tarheels31: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews outside of the apprentice hardly anyone watches the obama network... aka @nbc. @bgoudygcc: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews can t wait to see #sleepyeyes on the next #celebrityapprentice. oh wait he would have to be a celeb. via @nydailynews by rich schapiro: donald trump slams mitt romney jeb bush. donald trump: jeb bush s support of common core a disaster via @breitbartnews by dr. susan berry. don t miss the #missuniverse pageant tonight at 8 7c with performances by @nickjonas @princeroyce and @gavindegraw. @freidawashingt: @realdonaldtrump good morning to you. the pageant was fabulous! ms usa came so close. then tonight is celeb apprentice. get ready for the apprentice tonight - two amazing episodes. i will be live tweeting! via @breitbartnews by @rwildewrites: donald trump: i can make america great again hyperlinked on @drudge report. a huge honor for @trumptoronto for being named #1 luxury hotel in canada by @tripadvisor s #travelerschoice awards. via @dmregister :@brentroske on politics: trump talks iowa. .@missuniverse ratings were great! a big win and a wonderful night! .@venuemagazine highlights the opening of @trumpdoral s brand new #redtiger course:. ave your . dont invest in @karlrove. he doesnt have a clue. @karlrove spent 400m in 2012 & didnt win a single race. why do people give @karlrove contributions when they know he is a loser who has no idea how to win? where the hell is global warming when you need it? two of the best ever episodes of celebrity apprentice tonight at 8. totally vicious and crazy! i will live tweet. celebrity apprentice in 15 minutes - don t miss it! @jerrylingle: .@ cfj @bosshoggusmc @housegop @realdonaldtrump @gop save our nation tell the gop leadership ?! to shut up and go home... @jonahkeri: @realdonaldtrump yessss!!!! oh donald trump you truly are the king of kings. @onesoldiersmom:i can t even imagine how great this place would be w you at the helm. thank you for speaking out so forcefully for the usa. @sportingbecky: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr #celebrityapprentice tonight @ivankatrump @ianziering. @tinpotdicktator: donaldtrump: just imagine being sworn in jan 17 & as you bring your right hand down point at barack & say you re fired! @lcolosimo61: @greta @realdonaldtrump @mittromney @gop @foxnews rhetoric he would have become our next president. @alexcsi: i hope i don t miss @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump #celebapprentice @celebapprentice due to news coverage of #snowmageddon2015. @sethhenry78: @realdonaldtrump i saw you in des moines and now i can t wait for celebrity apprentice to start. @ownagegiraffe:i was watching your commentary on the upcoming presidential campaign. you re absolutely right about mitt & jeb #donald4pres. @bahia6085: @realdonaldtrump if this country is still existing with obama in charge then imagine if trump was prez! it would be awesome. @ff7429b1dbb84b6: @realdonaldtrump @onesoldiersmom donald you have to really try this time .we need you re skills. @nglandon: @realdonaldtrump i just saw you talking with @greta. trump for prez! i know you can get these clowns in line. you ve got my vote. watch celebrity apprentice on now! all new @apprenticenbc starts right now! @realitytvbliss: @geraldorivera brings great entertainment to #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @ayeshakfaines: no one did a broadway theme?! waiters in top hats & tails dancers kiss me kate cocktails... #celebrityapprentice. @natashaownfan: @thecubiclechick @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump each celeb could pose for photos they can become the theme. @one4eternity: rt @jsager84: @ianziering has done great why not listen to him again! smh! @one4eternity @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc. @louisiana bbw: @tborio @realdonaldtrump that s what i said too. that s something everyone knows about nyc and it s a huge celebration. @natashaownfan: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump yes rockettes broadway and those celebrities there have themselves as props hello? @realitytvbliss: if i was ever on #celebrityapprentice then i would want to be on the team with @ianziering. #giveshisall @realdonaldtrump. @anjoaparicio: @muniverso2015: paulina vega miss universo junto a @realdonaldtrump donald se ve decepcionado. @marino joanna: @realdonaldtrump the hooters cruise is a bust literally. @ ylvette: woooow! was i wrong?? was @realdonaldtrump talking about sig when he said vicious? #whatjusthappened #celebrityapprentice. @djmikeol: @realdonaldtrump @jsager84 @ianziering @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc fellow conservatives. i would just tell donald to run. @djmikeol: @realdonaldtrump @one4eternity @jsager84 @ianziering @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc run donald trump run. run for potus. @raysprings82: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc geraldo makes me laugh i love him. @crenpolitics: geraldo and sig are a disaster on this boat tour @realdonaldtrump. @512poolman: @realdonaldtrump @geraldorivera drives me crazy !!!!!! can t stand him please fire him asap!!!! @maverickmidday: @realdonaldtrump geraldo has lost his mind. fire him please! #celebapprentice. @chandlerholgate: say what you want about @realdonaldtrump but the man is an excellent businessman. he never gives up. @kellyizthebest: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc just when you think it can t get any better.. it does!! @03slex: @realdonaldtrump is my role model on everything. @hoban36: sig & johnny damon are good guys. met damon several times last at eric trump s st judes event he is always the gentleman. @ugakasie: @greta: .@realdonaldtrump: i am sorry but @mittromney choked - he doesn t get a second chance @gop @foxnews amen! @tomtumillo: what is worse geraldo screaming screw the terrorists or kenya feeling she s fabulous ? #celebrityapprentice. @auggerdogger: screw the terrorists @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc #theapprentice. @chris r 2014: @geraldorivera i m with @realdonaldtrump the new wtc is not grand. it should ve been much much more grand. @blazaruk: rt where the hell is global warming when you need it? i dearly hope you are able to take up the flag of the gop in 2016. @amyketterer: @brandiglanville so sweet asking @realdonaldtrump to give the us coast guard money too!! @coastguardfound: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump we couldn t agree more. truly amazing! @msgiantsfan: @coastguardfound @angelgirl722 @realdonaldtrump great to hear! @lucianalamb: @brandiglanville @apprenticenbc nice of you to ask @realdonaldtrump to help the coast guard. @joeracccc17: watching @apprenticenbc! the trump family so classy and smart great people @ivankatrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr. @jerwaldorf: @laurarhonc: dear mr. @realdonaldtrump please fire geraldo s ass! sincerely all #celebrityapprentice viewers i second this. @kariganfam: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump wonderful!! @sprinkler22: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump i love donald trump....coast guard -yes!! @kenyamoore: @mr noguez: trump recognized kenya s effort #celebapprentice that s good @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump thank u! @aenochs64: @apprenticenbc @kateplusmy8 @realdonaldtrump great job supporting sig and those bartenders : beautiful and classy!! @keiralley: @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc overall this is the best dressed cast ever! #rhoa. @patti page: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump one of the many reasons i like the trumps...each family member is charitable and kind. thanks. @balkesgirl: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc this show rocks!!!! @pretty nikki21: @realdonaldtrump is trying to set @kenyamoore up putting her in loser seats #celebapprentice. @yanksmayor: @johnnydamon is @apprenticenbc so @realdonaldtrump please don t fire him! @ivankatrump @realdonaldtrump #damonknowswinning. @realmissalusa: what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. @realdonaldtrump. @ianziering: @johndherz thanks for letting me use your @realdonaldtrump sketch tonight on you re pencilcasso! @jbrd77: @realdonaldtrump @anjoaparicio @muniverso2015 that s the greatest smile ever president trump.. @bchipper83: all 3 of the trump men are handsome! love watching #celebapprentice! @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump. @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump hello mr president! i m a big fan of your work mate and the show @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice. @dustin sloane: kate gosselin is low key good at these tasks @kateplusmy8 #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @njmusicfun: @govchristie watching @realdonaldtrump on #celebrityapprentice. @sammielicious4u: @brandiglanville oh and my apologies! how wonderful of @realdonaldtrump to give 25000 to the cguard. amazing heart. @bigdaddyjohnc: mr. president when are you going to start cleaning this mess of a country up? the celebrity apprentice is a perfect show. @therightnewz: video-- @realdonaldtrump to @greta : jeb won t beat hillary clinton. @romynycity: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i want to be a business woman someday ! love this show :. @one4eternity: !!!!!!! rt @realdonaldtrump: @balkesgirl: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc this show rocks!!!! @bravolebrity1: @realdonaldtrump @geraldorivera is like that bunny that keeps on ticking just waiting for him to explode!! #celebapprentice. @sbinteriordesi1: @realdonaldtrump - i love this show been watching since it started years ago! @natalieardyss: @kenyamoore don t get on @msvivicafox nerves you just join the team #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump kenya a troublemaker. @channyeats: @realdonaldtrump wrong decision but i understand why you did it #ratings not really! @gamiliell: @mrsowaters54 @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump @theapprentice9 i think ms fox outclasses both of them #justamatteroftime. @jdoran1021: @realdonaldtrump next weeks show has me on edge of my seat already!!! it will be best ever! @nbcvote: awesome! @northwesternsig got 25k from @realdonaldtrump and 40k from @geraldorivera for @coastguardfound charity wins! @tinkerbell5999: @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump @ivankatrump @apprenticenbc i guess this is the first family. @antonio pitocco: first time watching #celebrityapprentice tonight. @realdonaldtrump plays no games! @buckybirt: @13ascot81 @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice has caused me to like brandi. @antoknee71: @realdonaldtrump @channyeats omarosa of this season kenya!!! as usual the storm of the century was not nearly as bad as forecast. what a waste of time energy and money! wow the final ratings for the miss universe pageant show that it won in all key demos - number one on sunday. i have a winner! president obama our great leader wants to declare martial law in new york city as a means of helping out with the massive storm. @apprenticenbc: by the way you will not want to miss #phonegate next week on #celebapprentice. that s all we re gonna say. i am convinced that sleepy eyes chuck todd was only a placeholder for someone else at meet the press. he bombed franchise in ruins! @nbc. apprentice big hit. miss universe big hit. i always get big ratings. if i hosted meet the press instead of sleepy eyesa smash! @nbcnews. @genelingerfelt: country s been run by low i.q. people for years. why @sentedcruz @realdonaldtrump amaze us when they speak. @coverallpads: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc awesome show. i haven t missed 1 show from season 1 till now great! so many people have told me that i should host meet the press and replace the moron who is on now. just too busy especially next 10 years! via @conservreview by @jeffjlpa1: why donald trump is right. .@lord sugar how did you enjoy mar-a-lago? it was nice having you there--my people thought you were terrific! congratulations to the 7 @trumpcollection properties who made @usnewstravel s best hotels list:. via@newsmax media: trump: i d be better meet the press host than moron chuck todd. @ipaulydip: @alexvent13 my idol @realdonaldtrump he s the motivation. @mumzyireland: @realitytvbliss @1970rachael @nixtheblu @courtside i d rather have @realdonaldtrump on my side than a few whiney housewives. @heavilybrokn: i want @leezagibbons to win @apprenticenbc! she s incredible! such a professional! i dont think i ve seen her stumble once! @talcornvan: @realdonaldtrump love #celebrityapprentice and am a huge fan! would love to c u run for #president! #teamdonaldtrump! @eyeonpolitics: but i loved seeing @ivankatrump s brand on @realdonaldtrump s show. her shoes are my favorite. i have a closet full. great. @willowfrantn: @realdonaldtrump i dvrd kelly and michael today to see you but you weren t on! missed you! wednesday! @kwrcrow: another example of how the media distorts conservatives messages. #newyorkpost @foxnews #tcot so true! going over to @abc to do live at 9:00. wow i have always liked the @nypost but they have really lied when they covered me in iowa. packed house standing o best speech! sad. i guess rupert murdoch and the @nypost don t like donald trump. such false reporting about my big hit in iowa. even my enemies said bull. getting ready to go on @kellyandmichael - two great people! @marklevinshow: excellent article read to the end thanks mark and keep up the great fight! @fantasticharris: @realdonaldtrump loves the @patriots. @seenontv66: when will people magazine finally realize that the sexiest man alive is donald trump! you are sexy and adorable! #gotmyvote t. @dadeque: @realdonaldtrump the grey sofa don t match sir... but it is just my taste. i agree but @ivankatrump likes it - too bad. by @kwrcrow: ny post caught lying again! the donald should go far. actually if i run i ll win. trump: never give up on farmland value rally @terrybranstad @kimreynoldsia @chuckgrassley @senjoniernst @bnorthey. via @njdotcom by eugene r. dunn medford: donald trump towers over gop field they hate us because they ain t us. @jaydevereaux ok mr @realdonaldtrump get beyond talking and start doing. announce a run don t just talk. watch! #indianajones and #ghostbusters- what s wrong??? surprise @oreillyfactor used my name big league in pre-ads to promote the showthen talked about everyone else but me! .@trumpcollection continues to deliver the goods. my parents: trust in god and be true to yourself. -- mary macleod trump know everything you can about what you re doing. fred c. trump. #trumpvlog obama- stop chewing gum! congratulations are in order! @trumppanama ranks #5 top hotel in panama by @tripadvisor s #travelerschoice awards! entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. entrepreneurs: don t tread water. get out there and go for it. entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable but don t take things personally. that s good business. @pgatimmyd @nypost they are morons mr. trump i heard your speech it was excellent. exactly what america needed to hear! thanks. donald trump 2016: 7 political stances of gop presidential hopeful via @newsmax media. .@sarahpalinusa was 100 correct when she stated that @oreillyfactor used us in day long tease to get people to watch but we were not on! .@oreillyfactor - bad and very deceptive journalism. show must be heading in wrong direction too bad! @sarahpalinusa. @googie1262 @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump love a reality show that gives back to those most in need.tvwith a social conscience.about time. @harryplush: think @realdonaldtrump would be a great president. @mollybozeman: i don t care what anyone says about him i will always love @realdonaldtrump nice! @rainbow74 @theview i personally love @realdonaldtrump and really hope he runs for prez! #celebrityapprentice thanks. @joewmiller thanks joe! many people are saying it was wonderful that mrs. obama refused to wear a scarf in saudi arabia but they were insulted.we have enuf enemies. entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. listen apply and move forward. set the standard! entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. don t give in and don t give up! entrepreneurs: there are no guarantees. but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. do your due diligence! via @breitbartnews by @thesharktank1: donald trump fires entire 2016 gop field. @kangdedy ri 1: @realdonaldtrump donald you are my best mentor to richest and successful. @tara doner: @realdonaldtrump run for president! @dylanc98: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to see the beautiful @trumpdoral on live tv mar. 5-8 in the promo the blue monster looked stunning! @bww nyc: major jewish newspaper to pay tribute to joan rivers & donald trump next month... @joan rivers. via @newsmax media: trump @oreillyfactor make up after digs at each other. fallout from iowa: trump speech drew greatest response via @newsmax media by jim meyers. @k9 bellavia: @realdonaldtrump really hope you hop on the campaign train and run for office next election. turn us around. @buffyg6820: we need a president that is for the usa donald trump knows how to make an empire. #yvncg inc.-buffy. @chevy mama: @realdonaldtrump i m obsessed with @celebrityapprenticenbc. honestly mr trump you are very inspiring. @vladimirrussia7 @realdonaldtrump you are the best #billionare and the great teacher!i love your inspiring books! thanks and good luck. congrats to @trumpwaikiki celebrating 51 consecutive months as the #1 honolulu hotel on @tripadvisor! trump int l golf links ireland in county clare fronts the atlantic ocean & is #1 resort in europe conde nast traveler. my int. on @foxnews @oreillyfactor: donald trump presidential politics and the factor. entrepreneurs: knowledge requires patience action requires courage. put patience and courage together and you ll be a winner . entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard and then establish it. entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. work on what you will be proud to be associated with. trump int l hotel & tower vancouver will be a new landmark in a fantastic city. via @miaminewtimes by @munzenrieder : doral mayor declares emergency to give donald trump key to the city. everyone is saying the bad news is that donald trump is going to take credit & they are rightmitt wouldnt have won anyway. mitt did the right thingnot because he had to-- but because he never would have been given a second chance after his first fiasco. president trump? via @miamiherald by wayne e. williams. i will take full credit for mitt romney dropping out of the racelooks like he wont be endorsing trump any time soon. when i broadly proclaimed mitt choked and would do it againeverybody said yeah hes right. now that mitt is gone all we have to do is get bush to drop out and trump to runand we will win! whether you think you can or think you can t you re right. -- henry ford. @andykimkim: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016? @patti page: i voted 4 @oreillyfactor:poll:who do you want to run4president on the republican side?vote here: vote. @patti page thanks patti i hope they vote @oreillyfactor. @dcfoodsafety: @ianziering @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump wow sounds like something huge is about to hit us next episode i can t wait! @ogreuasshole: @oreillyfactor it s time for @realdonaldtrump . @xnvgx: @realdonaldtrump @islandxxgirl we need the real donald trump to run for president. @russiannavyblog: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc an announcement mr trump will run for president and fix the obama-ruined nation? @snowape kitkat: @realdonaldtrump @patti page @oreillyfactor voted thanks. @j ennaleigh: what an amazing hotel. worth every penny and then some. thank you @trumpwaikiki @realdonaldtrump. @tpgraf82: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait till #tweetgate #celebrityapprentice simply the best! i hope you can go to @oreillyfactor and vote for donald trump in order to make america great again! thanks. @tdavistonya: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor trump for america! @catham11: @realdonaldtrump congrats trump it s a great location. @priece714: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president that would make me so happy. @craig eaton12: @realdonaldtrump please run for potus mr trump. the country needs you more then ever. @jsdedge: with all due respect why are you bluffing about running for president? i would vote for you!! we need a game changer! watch! @darealkhefner: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote. donald trump: i will take full credit for romney dropping out via @newsmax media by @ssfitzgerald. @brandiglanville @kenyamoore talk @apprenticenbc feud via @christianpost by virnelli mercader. via @eonline: @ivankatrump wears @missuniverse 2014 s 300000 crown nails beauty pageant winner look. @cfarmer0608: if you run for president i would vote for you. this country needs a businessman running it not a crocked politician. @finndango: @concernedchick @kateplusmy8 @kenyamoore and now trying to rewrite herself as honest person who refused to do drama. ha! @municheleven: won t tiptoe around tough issues others fear! he has demonstrated proof of his problem solving ability in the boardroom. @lovusa4: @fpatterson1050 kind compassionate heart! proof of that his wonderful children all give back they have dad s heart! thank you! @fpatterson1050: @lovusa4 @realdonaldtrump salute to @realdonaldtrump . thanks. @jgriffith615: @mikesington @realdonaldtrump stayed there many times its #fabulous. i m looking forward to the super bowl but looking even more forward to monday night at 8:00 - best episode ever of celebrity apprentice! @oh2binaz: @realdonaldtrump kenya is a dirty thief! i hope she gets fired. @calenih71: @realdonaldtrump i am sick of geraldo. via @globegazette by john skipper: north iowan says trump serious about potus run - but he ll have to prove it. love that patriots won - brady is best ever! seahawks pass was dumbest play in the history of football! great going coach b! i wonder if marshawn lynch will now speak and call some coach a moron for not allowing him to run the ball three times for one yard? it must have been president obama that called in what will go down as the dumbest play in the history of football. same thought process! @authorknox: @apprenticenbc pete carroll need to be added to the show worst play call in superbowl history @realdonaldtrump fire his ass! my @foxandfriends int. @foxnewsinsider once a choker always a choker : djt takes credit for romney dropping out. tonight s episode of @apprenticenbc is not only the best episode ever it has a great lesson in life. don t miss it! entrepreneurs: set your mind on winning and losing won t have a chance. see yourself as victorious! entrepreneurs: paying attention is a cost effective way of protecting yourself. @iadoreem @realdonaldtrump great job on tv this morning. thanks. entrepreneurs: remember to think big by expanding your horizons at the same time you re expanding your net worth. trump national golf club los angeles on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific ocean--spectacular! remember tonight s 8 oclock episode of celebrity apprentice is the best everyou will see nothing like it on tv. @apprenticenbc. via @bizjournals by @brandonsawalich: 3 lessons about loyalty that i learned from donald trump. lets together make america great again! vote trump at. best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00. @coley716: it s a #celebapprentice night!!!! wonder who @realdonaldtrump will fire. @loiisleto: @realdonaldtrump u are so nice on ur show! xo. @ianziering: bringing everthing i got tonight all for the children with eb. .. @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump. @trudlun: @ianziering @apprenticenbc @celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump awesome. we all know your keepin it real. @rick74467: @realdonaldtrump getting ready to tune in for another great episode of #celebrityapprentice... @tvdiva critic: @realdonaldtrump let s get it on baby!!! celebrity apprentice its on!!! @pharmstudents18: next president of the united states of america. @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 you ve got my vote. @mattdempsey83: can t wait to see #celebrityapprentice tonight! @msvivicafox is my absolute favourite!!! @realdonaldtrump. @vtdiva01: if @realdonaldtrump doesn t fire kenya tonight somehow i m over this show. come on don you re smart. get rid of her. @xoamxo 13: @realdonaldtrump: best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00. ready. @veryrich bitch: can t wait to see how #phonegate plays out @realdonaldtrump @msvivicafox #celebapprentice. @mattsarff23: it s apprentice time @realdonaldtrump. @tomtumillo: @realdonaldtrump i love that tie you are wearing. presidential. #celebrityapprentice macy s! @hoganseaisle129: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr another drama filled hour ! cannot wait to see who is going home today. @one4eternity: !!!!!!! rt @realdonaldtrump: best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00. @terribondhughes: @realdonaldtrump i m watching mr. trump! now and every year past. love it ! and i m a huge fan of u sir. thanks. @liz0987: @realdonaldtrump watching celebrity apprentice! i hope @brandiglanville wins!! love her! @priece714: watching #celebapprentice makes me @realdonaldtrump even more. @mhaston15: @realdonaldtrump it will be if kenya goes home. she is a ridiculous untalented egotist. @themartynhale: celebrity apprentice is on !! its monday baby! @kenyamoore @ianziering @realdonaldtrump @brandiglanville @geraldorivera. @mattgiese: get rid of @kenyamoore already @realdonaldtrump. she s a bitch no matter who she s with. #celebrityapprentice. @marino joanna: @realdonaldtrump this episode beats pierce omarosa and joan annie duke. @vtdiva01: for the record i think @realdonaldtrump rocks and i would never boycott #celebapprentice - the entire trump family is amazing. @betsytabor: @realdonaldtrump watching celebrity apprentice right now! i love this show!!! @kara jilly: do you see how disgustingly disrespectful @kenyamoore is to @msvivicafox?! & yet she says she s nothing but nice to people? @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrumpbravo!! leader of vast inteligence!! awesome tv inspires never gives a stale second!!!#prez#tump2016. @fordmartin33: this celebrity apprentice is looking good so far... can t wait for the boardroom !! @realdonaldtrump. @shelly3177: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc love this show and donald!!! i hate drama..unless its not mine. @nancypa14679248: @realdonaldtrump @shelly3177 @apprenticenbc love the drama. @hellblazeraiser: did @kenyamoore steal @msvivicafox s phone and tweet about menopause? @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr. @missymacdd: toxic trick is my new favorite #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump clearly @brandiglanville was right about @kenyamoore. @gmar916: #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump nice to have this footage of joan. @lanas05: @realdonaldtrump with all drama experience you gain in the boardroom you could start a theatre company. #theapprentice. @boaterzletterz: @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice @realdonaldtrump missing @joanrivers! less #humor in life now! @karileakennedy7: i m gonna cry its joan rivers @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc #celebapprentice. @sasha seven: @realdonaldtrump great seeing joan on todays @apprenticenbc. @kamerakeith: @realdonaldtrump i know you have a lot of power but bringing #joanrivers back ... incredible!!! @hoganseaisle129: @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump yay joan rivers is back #celebapprentice #gonetoosoon. @sap girl: @radiomelissa @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump @nbc that was insane. @jonihubbard: @realdonaldtrump: best apprentice episode ever tonight at 8:00. it s been hilarious ! good pick mr trump! @chef riggy: .@realdonaldtrump glad to see kenya go. even gladder to see @joan rivers again. #rip love you joan! @lisalee1917: #celebrityapprentice luv luv luv that @realdonaldtrump left the clips of joan rivers in this season! thank u! @uu44m: just seeing @joan rivers on the @apprenticenbc makes me want to cry. @realdonaldtrump. @lindantyler: seeing @joan rivers is so tough but also so very special! glad she was on this season. #blessings to @melrivers. @kennysammartino: @realdonaldtrump @uu44m @joan rivers @apprenticenbc tonight s shows are fantastic! love this season. @boaterzletterz: @igotangeleyes @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc @joanrivers there will never be anyone as #funny i bet. @ymctier: celebrity apprentice is so good 2night! everyone going in hard to not get fired! @ymctier favorite monday tv show #luvit. @jimdesch23: @realdonaldtrump this is the best celebrity apprentice all season. love someone else is getting fired!!! @thisisbillg: west coast get ready! @realdonaldtrump truly delivers on two amazing hours of television tonight! @apprenticenbc. @latinaladysnake: @crisxtina7765 @realdonaldtrump @nbc yeah couldn t believe what just happened. @catham11: @realdonaldtrump @mattgiese @kenyamoore lol i remember those episodes...priceless. @1970rachael: @crazymamaa @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump i m mad @nbc rushed this season they cheated the viewers celebrities sponsors. @presidentjmarsh: @realdonaldtrump are you going to be at @cpacnews this year? i can t wait to hear from you there! @tltiger26: @erictrump @melrivers @joan rivers @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump it was very touching to see her! miss her dearly. @melrivers: @erictrump @joan rivers @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump thank you for always treating her with love and respect. @jazzjuicer: @realdonaldtrump @keywestbravo @ivankatrump mother s looks and dad s smarts: she ll go far. true. @juliemroberts3: @melrivers @joan rivers @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump she was wonderful melissa! truly missed! cherish your memories! @snlstar: @realdonaldtrump i loved ever minute! never a dull moment on #celebrityapprentice. @jessibee35: @realdonaldtrump thank you for creating a real realitea! that actually helps charity! #donaldforpresident #classact. @monmk1: @johnnydamon @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc you were great!! such a great team player!!! @thameena10: @todayshow i m saying.. @msvivicafox really laid down the smack last night!! had to pick up my jaw! #ghettofabulous. @omoadesokan: what matters is where you want to go. focus in the right direction! -- donald @realdonaldtrump # wojubeforeyouvote. @artanis5: @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump as usual celebrity apprentice never fails to entertain-another great season-cant wait for finale. must read @ibdeditorials: president obama s amnesty at any price congress - use the power of purse! defund amnesty! are all the illegals pouring into our country vaccinated? i don t think so. great danger to u.s. entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. entrepreneurs: money is not always the bottom line: it can be a score card not the final score. entrepreneurs: is the problem a blip or a catastrophe? keep things in perspective. learn to expect problems and keep moving forward. trump national golf club washington d.c. is on 600 beautiful acres fronting the potomac river. a fantastic setting! congratulations @trumpnewyork for being named in @cntravelers top 10 us hotels for business travelers! #celebapprentice with three wonderful but fired contestants-. @welovethedonald @donaldjtrumpjr @realdonaldtrump @erictrump such handsome men! great pic! thank you. via @entrepreneur by @mdmseo : 8 lessons for entrepreneurs that @apprenticenbc emphasizes. were worried about waterboarding as our enemy isis is beheading people and burning people alive. time for us to wake up. trump golf links at ferry point in the bronx ny will open soon. a jack nicklaus signature design. beautiful. trump int l hotel & tower chicago has won many awards & accolades as has sixteen its signature restaurant. entrepreneurs: don t put blinders on or limit yourself. reach out seek and explore. the opportunities are always there. entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. take responsibility for yourself! entrepreneurs: be curious. discovery breeds discovery just as success breeds success. don t sell yourself short. must read opinion piece by @gallup ceo jim clifton: the big lie: 5.6 unemployment just as i have long been saying. via @zawya: trump home partners with lifestyle to launch an exclusive collection of home dcor. trump int l hotel & tower toronto. #1 in all of canada. via @newyorkobserver by @bshapiro91: donald trump @melrivers headline @algemeiner gala. @sarahlynellis: the donald fired three people this past episode @realdonaldtrump that s why he s the best! #celebrityapprentice. @marilouztweets: @realdonaldtrump thank you for being so gracious. beautiful hotel. #doral. @scottyboyhmfc: @realdonaldtrump @bbc a bit behind with apprentice uk but art gallery show was unreal great show sir. @dcska: @realdonaldtrump@mdmseo @apprenticenbc best apprentice ever btw! just needed more gilbert!! can t wait to see ur hotel in dc! @jordanstasi mr. trump as a young sales professional. what one of your books would you recommend i read? start with art of the deal. i just answered my facebook fan s questions in the latest #askthedonald- watch the video-. it s not that i m so smart it s just that i stay with problems longer. -- albert einstein. entrepreneurs: brainpower is the ultimate leverage. entrepreneurs: having a product requires something very important--you have to think about the market. do your due diligence. via the washington times mr. trump buzzes the presidential radar. entrepreneurs: be a cautious optimist. i call it positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. @algemeiner honors @joan rivers donald trump @yuliedelstein at second annual jewish 100 gala via @algemeiner. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: exclusive donald trump to speak at cpac @cpacnews. @edgarcalderonmx @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal one of the best books of real estate written by one of the best entrepreneurs. trump int l golf club turnberry scotland. a legendary course ... and rightly so. an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin. my father s 4 step formula for success: get in get it done get it done right and get out. -- fred c. trump. entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. the golden rule of negotiation: he who has the gold makes the rules. happy birthday president reagan #flashbackfriday. @doris22: rt the cpac team is excited to announce that @realdonaldtrump will be speaking at cpac 2015! #cpac2015. by @kwrcrow: hey washington post only you hate donald trump or is it fear? via @newsmax media by @dpatten32: trump s brand gives him 2016 mojo. word is that sleepy eyes chuck todd who has failed so badly with meet the press will be taking over for now irrelevant brian williams! i predicted rosie o donnell would fail at the view and was right. now i predict rosie will take over for brian williams! @cdnrationale: @realdonaldtrump @newsmax media @dpatten32 time for trump to take charge of the greatest brand in the world the usa! @newsmax media: trump s brand gives him 2016 mojo. via @postandcourier: the donald at @thecitadeloea. donald trump plans return to iowa via @kccinews. @jumbeeboi89: @realdonaldtrump donald run for president man seriously. make it official. celebrity apprentice is nearing the end of a wonderful and very successful season. watch tonight at 8:00. @llhegarty linda: @realdonaldtrump yes! we are being attacked by so many! we need you to get in and get it done #trump2016 #leadership. @bobby990r 1: @realdonaldtrump @mjv1975 best reality show on television!#celebrityapprentice! @jconstantinides: @realdonaldtrump i enjoyed this season! you ve done it again! @staciann: @realdonaldtrump go @leezagibbons . classiest lady to ever grace the show :. @xkidd92: @realdonaldtrump definitely rooting for @leezagibbons- i think she deserves it the most. @elginet: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews mr. trump next celeapprentice needs to have brian williams please. #celebrityapprentice. @patricijabelous: #misslithuania #missu. i miss this beautiful place. @trumpdoral and my gorgeous friends... @beachhome1: donaldtrump. the problem with brian williams on celebrity apprentice is that he ll have miss remembered that he already won. @kremlinlife: @realdonaldtrump president trump #trump2016. @pcochenour562: @xkidd92 @leezagibbons yea she smart but i think it will be gerardo he s a cunning one #snake one i would turn my back on. @cdiprima69: incredible season of the celebrity apprentice. favorite show! the you raise for charities is amazing. #inspirational. @debraa27: @realdonaldtrump @nbcnews there was no need to embellish his stories. the man was so well respected. now i can never look at him. @manofsteel619: @realdonaldtrump please run and save us in 2016!!!! via @washtimes by eugene dunn: trump could lead u.s. forward. via @newsmax media by @wandacarruthers: donald trump: us defeating isis only in john kerry s imagination. dont forget to watch @apprenticenbc tonightyou will love it! 8 pm on nbc. #celebapprentice. at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonights @apprenticenbc. #celebapprentice. @xkidd92: @leezagibbons it s going to be very tough because @geraldorivera has the contacts with big money but leeza deserves it! @justinraay: thank you @realdonaldtrump for bringing value to every city and movement you have touched! #imeanit. @sassysexylove: at your request i will be doing live tweeting during tonights @apprenticenbc. #celebapprentice i can t wait! @frankadgpr: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc clearly you are a master of marketing and business success. @annmcg01: donaldtrump: dont forget to watch @apprenticenbc tonightyou will love it! 8 pm on nbc. #celebapprentice wouldn t miss it! @shortcakessheep: yaaaaay @thegarybusey on #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump this is the best! @auggerdogger: @realdonaldtrump my son didn t know who meatloaf was so showed him paradise by dashboard lights. @piersmorgan: the greatest slaughter in the history of the apprentice - @realdonaldtrump on my victory over @omarosa #celebrityapprentice. @conconbonbon7: @realdonaldtrump favorite fails is my favorite! #celebrityapprentice #trump2016. @iovemyfamiiy: @kenyamoore made @realdonaldtrump s top 5 list of #celebapprentice all time fails! @teb2350: @realitytvbliss @kenyamoore @realdonaldtrump i kinda liked kenya on ca. @melissabxny: @realdonaldtrump where did you get your boardroom table? need to purchase one that size cute! @ceecorrine1: loving this look back at the best of #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc. @realitytvbliss: gary busey was one of my absolute favorites on #celebrityapprentice. he has a big @realdonaldtrump #misunderstood. @aman19980: after watching this episode of celebrity apprentence no one can say anything about @realdonaldtrump #americanvalues. @1simranjitsingh: i am a student myself. i cannot believe that obama has doubled the interest rate on student loans. trump for president! @federicishane: the only reason i want some level of fame is so i can go on the celebrity apprentice. and so i wait. @realdonaldtrump. @phlygerl: @realitytvbliss @teb2350 @kenyamoore kinda ??? c mon! you know kenya is gone with the wind fabulous! twirl her back on ca! @kristineindc: how can anyone watch #thebachelor when apprentice is on? i m still reeling from @realdonaldtrump s multiple firing last week. @ maira26: @piersmorgan @realdonaldtrump @omarosa that was the best tv moment ever! @rosspelton: @realdonaldtrump please bring @annieduke back to the show. #apprentice #trump #pokerplayer. @warrencasselljr: @realdonaldtrump this show is pure genius! #celebrityapprentice. @transit010: @realdonaldtrump nobody out thinks me d.trump #damn right! #great show. @originalholden: @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc i have been waiting all my life for this recap episode. #feuds #fails. @stephanienap5: @realdonaldtrump why is your season so rushed??? @agillogly: @realdonaldtrump thanks for bringing it down to @leezagibbons and @geraldorivera #readyforthethrowdown. @michmusm: watching #celebrityapprentice & @msvivicafox is pure class!!!! @realdonaldtrump @geraldorivera @leezagibbons. @vtdiva01: so much respect for vivica fox right now wow! that was by far the classiest move i ve ever seen on #celebapprentice! @mamapattyw: @msvivicafox you were a class act @celebapprentice when you told @realdonaldtrump that @leezagibbons deserved to be c.a. @waynebaker056: @realdonaldtrump @michmusm @msvivicafox @geraldorivera @leezagibbons love the show. @tpgraf82: @realdonaldtrump love the @apprenticenbc past fails and successes. you have changed tv for life! @loislane72: had a feeling it d be @leezagibbons vs @geraldorivera! my is on leeza! ps i wanna fly on @realdonaldtrump s jet!! @stylebrandco: @realdonaldtrump much respect for @msvivicafox tonight #celebrityapprentice. @j maziarz: @realdonaldtrump @kevinjonas should ve made it farther he is terrific! @ebs366: @realdonaldtrump @stephanienap5 what s up cutting season so short. very disappointing. still a great show but way to fast. @ogreuasshole: @michmusm @msvivicafox @geraldorivera @leezagibbons i feel robbed out of 3 hours of ca with these 4 straight firings. @claymkopplin: the celebrity apprentice is hands down the best show to watch because of @realdonaldtrump and i can t wait for the finale! @njoh1234: great show! good time to replay past relationships lol hope leeza wins! would love to see nyc & trump towers one day! @j maziarz: @realdonaldtrump @kevinjonas glad he s back. @livingcoastalsc: @msvivicafox is a class act! #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump. @realjoemurray: #celebrityapprentice is the best reality show on tv. this season was worth the wait! now run for president mr. trump! @nursemary33: @realdonaldtrump @msvivicafox class act!!!! @techsalemdmsfdc: @ogreuasshole @michmusm @msvivicafox @geraldorivera @leezagibbons donald looking to clean house & run for president? @jamesschlosser: when does the next season start? @realdonaldtrump can t end something this good! @userback: @realdonaldtrump @realjoemurray i would support you. i think you are very smart! thank you. @alexiskrystina: love the #celebapprentice flashback! the winners are always the good people who don t play dirty. donald keeps it #classy. @irismorales67: @realdonaldtrump @claymkopplin i just hate when #celebrityapprentice ends cuz it takes so long for a new season! @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump #celebrityapprentice is the best reality show! i m a big fan of donald trump. donald for president. thanks. @terramarkov16: @terramarkov16 @realdonaldtrump: i still c geraldo as the new celebrity apprentice. #celebrityapprenticewinner2015. @timelord55: @realdonaldtrump @ogreuasshole @michmusm @msvivicafox @geraldorivera @leezagibbons i agree why less episodes. @nbc are fools. @monmk1: i met @leezagibbons at cha. she s as amazing in person as she is on tv. beautiful inside & out! my pick #celebapprentice. @djabs14: @realdonaldtrump although i don t love geraldo on #celebrityapprentice his charity is really needed &i hope he wins! #lifesworc. @dollibyron: @realdonaldtrump this is my favorite show!!!! @shortcakessheep: @katiekms53 @realdonaldtrump i would wanna work for him. i worked for gw bush and would wanna work for trump. @mikemarchese : monday night...who needs football when you have #celebrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump #yourfired. @business mann: @realdonaldtrump: @stephanienap5: @realdonaldtrump why is your season so rushed??? he s getting ready to campaign! @bravolebrity1: .@realdonaldtrump noooo! you can t stop now!! i need more #celebrityapprentice! @realmissctusa: excited to see who will win #celebrityapprentice next monday! such a great season. @realdonaldtrump. @candyfairy16: @realdonaldtrump idk what i m gonna do with my life now that #celebrityapprentice is almost over lol. @reidcindy: @geraldorivera @leezagibbons @msvivicafox @realdonaldtrump best top three ever & so much respect for msfox! #celebapprentice. @jillpie1:donaldtrump i hated you firing too many people at once not exciting total bummer.please one at a time psyched for next season. watched @davidaxelrod on @oreillyfactor and the dog hit me even after i made a big contribution to his charity. i never went bankrupt! .@davidaxelrod use buffet icahn sam zell leon black kravis caesars and many more when talking about using the bankruptcy laws not me! .@davidaxelrod i hope your book is better than the obama second book but it is inaccurate as it pertains to me - but no big deal boring! @bkura99: @realdonaldtrump i hope you run for president! #trump2016. @prayformetoo: @realdonaldtrump @davidaxelrod i knew when i heard him say it you would speak up. good on ya! @seniorslocum: @realdonaldtrump is up early putting ignorant people in their place. @singlead: @realdonaldtrump can t win no matter what the truth is sometimes. . . @jjonesttu: @realdonaldtrump @davidaxelrod @oreillyfactor sometimes you have to turn around and bite the dog that bit you. @drchimrickles: you looked very presidential last night on the telly @realdonaldtrump thank you. @zeebusie: really? david axelrod comparing #sharpton to @realdonaldtrump unfreakinbelievable!! @billoreilytv @foxnews no comparison!!! @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump s show the @apprenticenbc is the best reality show on tv. #educative #informative. @southcentraltim: it s only 6am and @realdonaldtrump is already putting people in their places via twitter! trump for president 2016!!! @cmdorsey: @realdonaldtrump did u see asselrod on #oreillyfactor last night?? he mentioned your name. he is such an arrogant asshole. @ashbyneil: @realdonaldtrump for president. @mollyogden: @realdonaldtrump this is what i like best about you -- someone lies about you and you call them right out.that s how it s done. @888maggie888: i am voting for @geraldorivera to win @apprenticenbc! he is not as slimy as i thought. he has integrity and does not lie. @michaelopitz: @realdonaldtrump @mollyogden thanks for standing up for the truth. why did @oreillyfactor give @davidaxelrod so much time to sell his third rate book. bill should have hit stammering david much harder! waste. @chirofrenzy: am flabbergasted your name was brought up in visiting white house in the same sentence as al sharpton like gold & poop. @drchimrickles: @jrebstockr @sarahpalinusa trump has the nicest hair of any presidential hopeful.nicest hair best president. wow! @stallion2011: @glennthrush liar. forbes has @realdonaldtrump net worth at 4 billion. @fanofgreenmms: @sarahpalinusa not only nice hair he is a warrior & leader! you can trust him. he genuinely loves america & american. @masterbaxter8: @realdonaldtrump @chirofrenzy i m not because if he runs the white house will be his. @senorvito9: @realdonaldtrump your contributions to the world are priceless! thank you for your wisdom and inspirational life! thank you! with america s debt topping 21t by the end of his presidency obama will have effectively bankrupted our country. @davidaxelrod. the best vision is insight. -- malcolm forbes. via @foxnewslatino by @geraldorivera: @apprenticenbc diary: and now there are two. entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one. entrepreneurs: be passionate--you have to love what you re doing to be successful at it. entrepreneurs: be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. via @bostondotcom by @lilsarg: donald trump on snow salt vaccines and the oval office. donald trump congratulated on @foxandfriends for receiving the @algemeiners liberty award via @algemeiner. @mack theresa: your family is beautiful. this is the 1st season that i have watched #celebrityapprentice. gosh i hope leeza wins! i have long stated that brian williams was not a very smart guy - all you have to do is look at his past. now he has proven me correct! @vmilaccio: #donaldtrump was right about #rosieodonnell. she is a no talent loser who deserves her comeuppance. @realdonaldtrump. @tthompson67: i began reading @realdonaldtrump quotes and used them to motivate my staff yesterday. stay tuned for results! @agegrilli35: @realdonaldtrump geraldo is going to win i might riot if he losses #celebrityapprentice. @dcfoodsafety: mr. trump i am shooting for a leeza win she had been a class act for many years in the public eye! #celebrityapprentice. @shestampsalot: @nbcnews @todayshow #firebrianwilliams disgrace to news. ask any military vet if they misremember being fired at. @ericleebow: learning that you were once 900 million in debt at one point can make any entrepreneur a believer. amazing success story. brian williams who is not the nice guy that people think he is has now become totally irrelevant. he will never again hold court! @sebplaski: @realdonaldtrump why is trump for real? because he knows how to deal! @nikkoarganese23: @realdonaldtrump you the truth!! i love you. @addictd2success: the success of donald trump -. trump national golf club washington d.c. is situated on 600 acres overlooking the potomac river. beautiful! entrepreneurs: listen and learn from others but make your own decisions. take responsibility for yourself. it s a very empowering attitude! entrepreneurs: having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. entrepreneurs: don t ever think you ve done it all already or that you ve done your best. don t sell yourself short! trump int l golf links & hotel ireland fronts the atlantic ocean in county clare for 2.5 miles. extraordinary! @tahjeebriggs ready to gain some knowledge from multi-billionaire @realdonaldtrump. this weekend will be nothing less than epic. @worldnewspress1: the success of donald trump - read on. let pete rose into the hall of fame now - 35 years is enough! @prabhusadasivam: inspiring! determination & perseverance will pay off @worldnewspress1 the success of donald trump. who should win celebrity apprentice on monday night? show will be telecast live! trump national golf club jupiter is close to palm beach and designed by jack nicklaus--a masterpiece of a course. mar-a-lago in palm beach is one of the great palazzos of the world with a fantastic history. entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count. entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. entrepreneurs: see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. @luckyshaut @realdonaldtrump if i could only read one of your books which one would you recommend? the art of the deal. #tbt with @britneyspears. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: donald trump: msm investigation into scott walkers college a double standard. @realdonaldtrump stands in defense of @scottwalker s college record @draftwalker16 donald j. trump stands in... @turnberrybuzz: today is a memorable day the team has begun to turf our new pitch & putt! what an amazing place! @rpturnberry: @turnberrybuzz cocktail time at trump turnberry. @rpturnberry: @turnberrybuzz @erictrump @realdonaldtrump one of the million reason to stay at trump turnberry. @perrygolf: top 100 golf courses @golf com @thehomeofgolf @turnberrybuzz. .#celebrityapprentice two hour live show on monday night will determine who will become the winner of celebrity apprentice.full cast returns. @fenitaayu1: i know a lot but one thing i know is that i don t know everything. donald trump. @startupsupastar: i wasn t satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a statement. -donald trump. @khanyisanidlomo: sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war - donald trump. the entire cast will be back for the live finale of @apprenticenbc monday night at 8 pm. i still dont know who im going to choose. @geraldorivera or @leezagibbons? who do you like? @apprenticenbc. i look forward to attending saturday night live on sunday night. i am sure it will be a great show. @nbcsnl. congratulations to @trumpnewyork @trumpchicago @trumpwaikiki @trumptoronto on your forbes five-star ratings @forbesinspector. @filmbay cinema: experience taught me a few things. sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. donald trump. @marklevinshow: trump is right. @menofhistory: i like thinking big... if you re going to be thinking anyway you might as well think big. - donald trump. @wscp1: obama records still a mystery - thedonald: msm investigation into scott walkers college a double standard. @dawino6260: donald trump rips media for scott walker investigation: why didnt they go to obamas schools? @toddlerr: donald trump: msm investigation into scott walkers college a double standard - he s right #tgdn #tcot. @ccrealty2: its tangible its solid its beautiful. its artistic from my standpoint and i just love real estate. -donald trump. @motamazebegreat: what separates the winners from the losers is how a person reacts to each new twist of fate. - donald trump. @klm164: donald trump: msm investigation into scott walkers college a double standard - breitbart via @breitbart. @realpro4real: the most beautiful summary why real estate matters! @ivankatrump @therealkiyosaki @drlisacoaching. @lorimoreno: rt @realdonaldtrump congratulations @trumpnewyork @trumpchicago @trumpwaikiki @trumptoronto @forbes five-star ratings. @annabelkarmel: without passion you dont have energy without energy you have nothing #akmumpreneur. @motamazebegreat: sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - donald trump #inspirational @realdonaldtrump. @realdbp: @realdonaldtrump @menofhistory the art of the deal is still the best book ever written on business and life in general! thanks. @johnweak: i live for every word this man says @business icon @realdonaldtrump: #realestate @business #successfactors @entrepreneur. @allgoodeggs: @lorimoreno @trumpnewyork @trumpchicago @trumpwaikiki @trumptoronto @forbes any chance you can make america 5star please? score one for the donald in his battle with @agschneiderman. via @nydailynews by @klnynews: donald trump wins lawsuit against joint commission on public ethics. @chingaling3: @realdonaldtrump happy valentines day to you and your lovely wife. jesus loves you both. @andrewchrome: @realdonaldtrump @nydailynews @klnynews congrats mr. trump justice prevails. @charmianneary: @realdonaldtrump @nydnhammond @nydailynews @klnynews jcope secret proceedings render it useless. time to close it down. @lorictolbert: @realdonaldtrump please run for #president2016. @cardecornish @realdonaldtrump thank you for your amazing leadership and inspirational talk in this valentine s day. @stephyygurl: trump in chicago is almost as beautiful as mar-a-lago @realdonaldtrump. @the buffs: congrats to @realdonaldtrump in jcope victory over lightweight @agschneiderman. @michellerenee v: @apprenticenbc it must be @leezagibbons because she is well rounded hardworking kind & professional. she s hired! @davidsidol: great meeting @realdonaldtrump today! #trumpgolf #trumpnationalcharlotte #1stclass. @manofsteel619: @realdonaldtrump my god i would pay to see you destroy hillary in a debate please run! @someasianchick: will you be my valentine @realdonaldtrump ??? or at least run for president? record low temperatures and massive amounts of snow. where the hell is global warming? as a former host of saturday night live i look forward to attending tonight! .#celebrityapprentice will be live tomorrow night. entire cast will be there. who do you like to win? @krcompanion: @realdonaldtrump - huge fan of #celebrityapprentice & your legendary career! tx for sharing your wisdom & courage. @carriejo4ever: @realdonaldtrump geraldo..he s the man to beat..! @susanzoss: @realdonaldtrump leza gibbons hands down! geraldo is too full of himself to be a true leader. @bryan carpenter: @leezagibbons should win! she has grown so much and is a natural born leader! so professional and kind. she s a gift! @webester: @realdonaldtrump @carriejo4ever i hope geraldo wins... @fabiolasellsnj: @realdonaldtrump will be epic! @trufacts 101: @realdonaldtrump @fabiolasellsnj anything with the #trump name is epic thanks. wow 25 degrees below zero record cold and snow spell. global warming anyone? apprentice will be amazing tomorrow night! via @wsoctv by @blairwsoc9: exclusive: donald trump talks possible presidential run. @bravolebrity1: #celebrityapprentice season finale tonight!! g-r-e-a-t show! @leezagibbons @brandiglanville @kevinjonas @geraldorivera. @susansmeltzer: @realdonaldtrump @bravolebrity1 @leezagibbons @brandiglanville @kevinjonas @geraldorivera cant wait!!! took day off. :. @garnervideopros: @bravolebrity1 @leezagibbons @brandiglanville @kevinjonas @geraldorivera can t wait! the show is already great! @bravolebrity1 leezagibbons @brandiglanville @kevinjonas @geraldorivera ratings for #celebrityapprentice have been at an all time high! #1. paulina @missuniverse vega will be introduced tonight at the finale of celebrity apprentice.she is a great beauty and a monster star in s.a. @darryljirwin: @realdonaldtrump any coincidence finale is on president s day? #trump2016. @yankeerunnerlv: tonight is perfect time for d.t. to announce he s running for prez.to let america know help is on way #trump2016 #usa. @amit d ranade::sir thanks for producing the apprentice. both the us and the uk shows are a real life management training program. regards. @jwt19723: @realdonaldtrump @yankeerunnerlv you need to be the president. @jwt19723: @realdonaldtrump @yankeerunnerlv you need to be the president thank you. jusr arrived at the studio - the place is going wild! live at 8 p.m. #celebrityapprentice. @tnvolinfl: @accesshollywood @realdonaldtrump @bwilliams @rosie love @realdonaldtrump thanks for saying what we think. @melrivers: thank you for amazing tribute to my mom @joan rivers. beyond touched. xx @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr #celebrityapprentice. @kristyhernandez: looking forward to #celebapprentice season 15!!! my favorite show @realdonaldtrump @apprenticenbc. @gingerzgirl: @melrivers @joan rivers @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr i so loved the tribute. it was just beautiful. @jessibee35: @realdonaldtrump please don t stay gone to long.you make great t.v. i already miss the show.#hurryback#newcast #helpingcharity. @cookit1960: @todayshow @carson daly s @realdonaldtrump so happy 4 leeza. i was hoping she d win all along. @ldhfab40: @kenyamoore @dblanks @georgemiguelc even @realdonaldtrump admitted you were nice and a joy to work with. @brandobarton: @mikesington @realdonaldtrump so excited about another season of #theapprentice. @todayshow: .@carsondaly is channeling @realdonaldtrump this morning in studio 1a! @radiogal505: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump congrats! excellent season and leeza for the win! she was an amazing classy competitor. @oscarbagpledge: congrats @leezagibbons @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump for donating millions to various charities! #makingadifference. @stephphipps9733: #celebapprentice #celbrityapprentice @realdonaldtrump loved your choice for winner this season! awesome job! xoxo! @icodytv: go to work be smart think positively and win! @realdonaldtrump #quote. by @kwrcrow: ny post caught lying again! the donald should go far. actually if i run i ll win. @chingaling3: @apprenticenbc @nbc @realdonaldtrump congratulations. @furtaw2point0: @apprenticenbc @realdonaldtrump @erictrump @donaldjtrumpjr @ivankatrump yes! im recently in love with all things trump! @allthenewsisnow: donald trump and geraldo rivera recap celebrity apprentice : a look back at the exciting season. @colinswood: @realdonaldtrump donald thank you for raising millions for charity on your show! @xkayla rae: mom - leave me alone i want to just be with @realdonaldtrump cute! @newsmax media: geraldo: trump would make us a successful capitalist entity. @tossmyjohnson: @realdonaldtrump run for president. @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump my hero and america s hero! thank you. @hasam a: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president i d vote for him in a heartbeat. the winner of best in show at the westminster kennel club show miss p will be coming to my office this morning. among the lowest temperatures ever in much of the united states. ice caps at record size. changed name from global warming to climate change. the great irish links challenge @trump ireland & lahinch golf club is coming this june. dont miss it. #doonbeg. my joint @seanhannity int. on @foxnews with @geraldorivera recapping @apprenticenbc & discussing the 2016 election. via @newsmax media by cathy burke: donald trump on 2016 bid: on scale of 1-10 i m much more than five. looking forward to being honored at @citadelgops patriot dinner with @senatortimscott in charleston sc this sunday. via@fitsnews: the donald trump show is returning to sc: billionaire mogul heads back to palmetto state. president obama and our negotiators are failed checker players playing against grand master chess champions. very sad to watch! record setting cold and snow ice caps massive! the only global warming we should fear is that caused by nuclear weapons - incompetent pols. @jodiestir: watching reruns of the apprentice @realdonaldtrump absolutely love @piersmorgan brilliant!! @dannyandrews51: @realdonaldtrump this country is ready for a true leader and that leader is you! i agree! entrepreneurs: it s often to your advantage to be underestimated. entrepreneurs: pay attention to your negotiation skills. it s all about persuasion and persuasion is power. entrepreneurs: ignorance is not bliss it s fatal. it s costly. pay attention or get crushed. watch listen and learn. congrats to @cheflents of trumpcollection s #trumpchicago on being a james beard semifinalist: via @crainschicago. gov. scott walker just left my office--we had a really wonderful talk. very interesting! @govwalker. via. the winner of best in show of the 139th @wkcdogs miss p visited @trumptowerny today-. via @businessinsider by @bkcolin: donald trump called the white house and offered to help fix the bp oil spill. @tellkell: @melrivers @joan rivers @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr beautiful and touching tribute! ahhh she is so missed! @txblondegrad: @realdonaldtrump is the only candidate for president that can beat hillary and turn this country around. i agree! @jlnewman29: to me what matters is doing and giving time is far more valuable than just giving money. - @realdonaldtrump #trump16. @mdamelincourt: @fotograaf @realdonaldtrump @trumptoronto we are looking forward to welcoming you... @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump good evening mr president! @realdonaldtrump. @ali khalil7: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote for 2016! #votefortrump. @calimtns: @realdonaldtrump please please please run for president i m begging!!!! @cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump your not fired ! your hired! #trumpforpresident. @dbzoptimist: most people in the us want @realdonaldtrump to be president...really nice. #votefortrump. .@trumpdoral will be featured on @golfchannel this morning now . receiving the algemeiner liberty award--a great honor. entrepreneurs: difficulties mistakes & setbacks are an inevitable part of business & life. remember to keep your equilibrium intact. entrepreneurs: identify your goals. know precisely what you want to achieve. have your own vision and stick with it! entrepreneurs: winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves. remember to focus on the solution--not the problem. @michaeldaudel @realdonaldtrump thank you sir for your words of inspiration to entrepreneurs. my pleasure. work hard! @toddinwichita: @realdonaldtrump i will gladly volunteer for your campaign in my area . please run . #votefortrump #trumpforpresident. @buttonpusher50: @realdonaldtrump @toddinwichita the only man who can get the us out of trouble. i will spread the word if you will run. @newlooksmk: @realdonaldtrump @toddinwichita run baby run!!! we need you! @julsberg1723: @realdonaldtrump @toddinwichita i ll sign up too. where? when? i m ready. via @miamiherald by bill van smith: @jacknicklaus reminisces amid honor at @trumpdoral. donald trump promises world-class crandon park golf course via @wplglocal10 by @glennaon10. @coldmud: i defy the belgians or japanese to produce something like a @realdonaldtrump. if that makes me an exceptionalist i plead guilty. @newstodayusa: two canadian coast guard ships sent to rescue u.s. freighter stuck in ice. #globalwarming? @algore. @themindofreyrey: you have to think anyway so why not think big? @realdonaldtrump #powerful #quoteoftheday. @mclaughlln: @realdonaldtrump i plan on voting for you in 2016. we need economic success in this country i know you can provide. @taylor70778592: #obamalovesamerica like rosie o donnell loves donald trump interesting. @rosenavy5: @mclaughlln i would vote for donald trump! ! a true american who understands business and stands by american people! going to the citadel tonight - getting the nathan hale patriot award. very nice! worst graphics and stage backdrop ever at the oscars. show is terrible really boring! what ever happened to the good old days of the academy awards. this show is an insult to the past just plain bad! the oscars are a sad joke very much like our president. so many things are wrong! @aplemonlemon: @realdonaldtrump nice job this morning on #foxabdfriends ! you have my vote not walker. @dryan5962: @realdonaldtrump always on point. @heatherchilders: @lavellegerald @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you too gerald! thanks for watching! great job heather! @annettenavaret: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends run damn it! @annettenavaret: @realdonaldtrump watching you now on #foxandfriends run donald run!!!! @brwneyesnbama: i love @realdonaldtrump and the way he will speak the truth regardless. i have so much respect for this man. #hero thanks. @aplemonlemon: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends we want to hear you announce that you are going to run! please! @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this crazy scary world we live in now!! god bless you and yours. @brwneyesnbama: great morning coffee and @realdonaldtrump on @foxnews this morning. doesn t get much better than that. #foxandfriends. @colleen vsu: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends just turned it on!! can t wait to see you at #cpac2015 great. @catchmeonforbes: i would love to just chill and talk with @realdonaldtrump about life. man is a genius! thanks. @talismanjohnnya: waiting to see you at cpac. wish your segments were about 5 minutes longer though on monday mornings #foxandfriends. my @live5news int. with @williamlive5 in south carolina with @citadelgop cadets on my 757 discussing 2016. trump to host #oscars? the donald got a musket via @fitsnews. entrepreneurs: review your work habits and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. don t become complacent! entrepreneurs: identify your goals -- and see each day as an opportunity to show what you can do at the highest level. entrepreneurs: keep your focus and keep your momentum. believe in yourself--if you don t no one else will either. @jcl30 @realdonaldtrump had a run round @turnberrybuzz ails this morning. going to be great when all the changes are finished. thanks. @jpnwrites the oscars can learn a lot from the miss universe pageant. @realdonaldtrump true! i told you the oscars were terriblebad look bad talentand among the lowest ratings in shows history. the talks between the u.s. and iran are going on forever world s longest negotiation. obama has no idea what he is doing - incompetent! the oscars were a great night for mexico & why notthey are ripping off the us more than almost any other nation. i have a lawsuit in mexicos corrupt court system that i won but so far cant collect. dont do business with mexico! the @huffingtonpost is a total joke & laughing stock of journalism as is gross arianna huffington. they dont report the facts! i told everybody the oscars were no goodnielsen ratings confirmed one of the lowest ratings in history. put the glamour beauty & mystery back in the oscars and the ratings will zoom. also & most importantly the oscars need credibility. i could fix tv talk shows that are doing poorlythere is tremendous talent out there waiting to be tappedand nobody sees it! the evening news broadcasts must stop talking about weatherboring and too many other topics. trump national golf club los angeles is situated on the palos verdes peninsula overlooking the pacific ocean... trump international golf links and hotel ireland is located on the atlantic ocean in county clare. spectacular! the mexican legal system is corrupt as is much of mexico. pay me the money that is owed me now - and stop sending criminals over our border. @shotgunfloyd: @realdonaldtrump classic! @sethanatorr:trump should run for president. we need him. obama has accomplished nothing. we all know mr. trump knows how to get stuff done. via @breitbartnews: major coup: donald trump picks up top iowa grassroots operative for potential 2016 campaign. good chance trump will run for president via @newsmax media by @melaniebatley. @adamodell: @realdonaldtrump just wanted to say i am loving the us celebrity apprentice on bbc1 in the uk great show and celebrities! @pcufinn: @realdonaldtrump why don t you put a trump fence up and do us all a favor. great idea. so many people are angry at my comments on mexicobut face itmexico is totally ripping off the us. our politicians are dummies! trump int l hotel washington d.c.: the iconic old post office building will be one of the world s great hotels. via @washingtonpost by @costareports: trump says he is serious about 2016 bid is hiring staff and delaying tv gig. via @dailycaller by @alweaver22:trump: obama one of the worst things thats ever happened to israel. via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump hires lewandowski as presidential run eyed #fitn #makeamericagreatagain. #tbt with the cast of goodfellas. interview w melanie batley via newsmax. via @time by @lullintheaction: #realtime: donald trump weighs a 2016 run at #cpac2015. donald trump ready to end @apprenticenbc for white house run via via @dcexaminer by @escarry. via @nro by @lovelaceryand: trump slams bush: i dont see him winning i dont see theres any way. via @breitbartnews: donald trump: exec amnesty will make illegal immigration worse than its ever been. via @ppdnews: donald trump: i am not doing this for fun we cant fix u.s. unless we put right person in wh. via @cbsnews by @reenajf: donald trump scolds republicans: toughen up. via @washingtonpost by @jdelreal: about that donald trump speech at cpac. be sure to watch my #cpac2015 speech with intro by @dloesch and a q&a with @seanhannity. @westjournalism exclusive we asked donald trump what jobs he would offer isis. via @bpolitics by @betbrod trump sets an aggressive tone as he insisted he s serious about running for potus. via @dcexaminer by @rebeccagberg: trump: i m the only one who can beat hillary. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: donald trump slams liberals in dishonest press: im going to start naming names. via @oceandrivemag by @suzmcgeenyc: q&a: ivanka trump on the business of golf & the championships. via @washtimes by @sethmclaughlin1: donald trump: i want to run for president so badly. entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunities & possibilities and thinking too small can negate a lot of them. entrepreneurs: keep your momentum. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. entrepreneurs: paying attention can be a cost effective way of protecting yourself. entrepreneurs: follow your instincts and keep your focus intact. you alone know where you really want to go. entrepreneurs: dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. you haven t-- so don t limit yourself! entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable but dont take things personally. thats good business. trump international hotel & tower vancouver will be a fantastic addition to a spectacular city. @samdoyle12 @realdonaldtrump great posts. as a budding entrepreneur i appreciate the quotes great--work hard and good luck! @phatpuppyart: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump have to say i would love donald to run---he makes me feel some pride again. glimpses of reagan. @kittycakes92: @seanhannity i think @realdonaldtrump should be running instead of jeb. we need a real candidate not a so-so leader. all 50 of the world s top 50 players will be at trump national doral on thursday - sunday for the cadillac world golf championship. @chubby6665: legends on the wall in my bathroom at trump doral ..the refurb here is sensational great venue! with my friends at the great @adidas boost event at the @cadillacchamp at @trumpdoral. just arrived at @trumpdoral for the @cadillacchamp starting tomorrow-. we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- gary player. the road to success is always under construction. -- arnold palmer. concentration is a fine antidote to anxiety. -- jack nicklaus. the object of golf is not just to win. it is to play like a gentleman and win. -- phil mickelson. @mbabramson: @realdonaldtrump why are you the only candidate who discusses us trade imbalances with other countries? it s important! @danielpokorski: @realdonaldtrump mr trump you are the epitomy of class thanks. @jamesmason1: @realdonaldtrump: we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- gary player. @tharris012: @realdonaldtrump for president. @elianabenador: #cpac th crystal ball to see th future: true conservative candidates will be sorely missing. none of them measures totrump. @lakerscanes305: @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump i ll b there in a couple hours! can t wait to see what this place looks like! trump national doral will have big crowds this weekend for the wgc. the blue monster is ready for the world s top fifty players! @anthonyjmyers: looking at @realdonaldtrump compared to every other 2016 candidate give me hope. #trump2016 we can do this. @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump congrats. have a great time! god bless ! how about a hole in one!!!! @lakerscanes305: on my way to @trumpdoral what better way to start my 10th wedding anniversary! @realdonaldtrump. @bahia6085: @trumpferrypoint @realdonaldtrump wow! @jlawfriedman: @realdonaldtrump the property and course look spectacular! #trumpworthy thank you! placing the ball in the right position for the next shot is eighty percent of winning golf. -- ben hogan. the mark of a great player is in his ability to come back. the great champions have all come back from defeat. -- sam snead. i hope the mexican judge is more honest than the mexican businessmen who used the court system to avoid paying me the money they owe me. despite mexico s interest in again hosting the miss universe pageant it will be because of rodolfo rosas moya that it will never happen. because of rodolfo rosas moya who owes me lots of money mexico will never again host the miss universe pageant. every sport evolves. every sport gets bigger and more athletic and you have to keep up. -- tiger woods. ringling brothers is phasing out their elephants. ifor one will never go again. they probably used the animal rights stuff to reduce costs. @greeneyesa78: @realdonaldtrump don t ever change who you are!! i promise! @dnorrell: @realdonaldtrump we need you in washington. we ve got dopes running the show on both sides of the isle. very true! mexico s court system corrupt.i want nothing to do with mexico other than to build an impenetrable wall and stop them from ripping off u.s. @cabraler: @realdonaldtrump trump for president. you ve had my vote a long time ago. #2016. @ej1469: @realdonaldtrump well half of mexico will see the event because they are here in the usa. @harryplush: us golf team needs to think outside the box and hire @realdonaldtrump as captain! best course owner ever thank you! @dochubbard62: @realdonaldtrump 2016 - president of the united states of america. god bless and god speed praying for you and the country. @metanoik: donald trump s ferry point golf course accepting tee times - #economy. @spinenumber408: quality fans bro. @stevieboy 63: @realdonaldtrump go donaldyour are the one to get this country back. donald trump 2016. @nurse4bebes: @realdonaldtrump donald!!!! please run for president! our country needs you!!! @evanbooth5: save us @realdonaldtrump you re our only hope! #trump2016. @megaheid: i think i speak for most right-minded folk when i say: i really hope @realdonaldtrump does run for president. @andrewjalbert01: also i want to hit @realdonaldtrump s new course ferry point when it opens. views can t be beat. @benpobjie: if @realdonaldtrump doesn t run for president in 2016 i will gut myself on live tv. @mrlword: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president. @masterbaxter8: only someone like you successful at so much deserves a shot to be president! we don t need another mediocre politician. @la loquita we are breaking into real estate investing and we love @realdonaldtrump because he knows his business!! great good luck! the harder you work the luckier you get. -- gary player. i have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone s golf game. it s called an eraser. -- arnold palmer. golf is a game of respect and sportsmanship we have to respect its traditions and its rules. -- jack nicklaus. @toypilavzla: donald for president @realdonaldtrump. trump is triumph #trumpforpresident. today s final round of the wgc cadillac championship will be amazing. a lot of pressure on leader who has played great. big names hunting! @luigiboria: extraordinario concierto en #doral con @santanacarlos great concert at @trumpdoral #mayorluigiboria. @mansfieldra: the q is @realdonaldtrump going to run for president. you will have my vote. @realdonaldtrump. will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes. @rippethamy: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends that s what a president of united states should sound like. #trumpforpresident. @aplemonlemon: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends what a way to start my week! love it! @velvet2708: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends when donald trump speaks you listen. like you should for a real president. #trumpforpresident. @belllabooo13: @aplemonlemon @foxandfriends glad your having a great start to your week! keep it going! run for president! we need you! @jimmyhanlin: @realdonaldtrump your course stood tall last week. you should be proud. not to many places can stand up to those big boys! @scottsiebs: good monday morning from my room at the beautiful trump ocean club panama. a great great hotel!! @samdoyle12 thx for the rt--what is a good book i can read that can help me in starting my business? the art of the deal and midas touch. .@kstupples thanks for the nice comments on trump national doral. ive long been your fannow am an even bigger fan! @trumpdoral. the blue monster @trumpdoral was a sensation over the weekend. really tough but players & critics alike loved it. @tyler burkecre any advice you can give for a youngster looking to get into the real estate development sector? know your territory. @scapesrus @realdonaldtrump @trumpdoral the course looks magnificent ! thank you. being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. making money is art & working is art & good business is the best artandy warhol. entrepreneurs: keep an open mind. business is a creative endeavor. entrepreneurs: cover your bases. know everything you can about what you re doing. entrepreneurs: remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. @jxcookie96 @realdonaldtrump i really appreciate your tips. just started a business going for gold. thank you. great--good luck! @wisdomsquote: sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. donald trump. @ricd384: the united states of america needs a real man in the oval office. mr. donald trump america is ready for you. lets do it. trump international hotel & tower new york has received great acclaim as has our signature restaurant jean georges. @budd0427 @realdonaldtrump jean george s is always fantastic a real pleasure in a wonderful building thank you. @daltonkats inside trump tower in nyc! what a beautiful building! @realdonaldtrump thanks! i am happy to announce that the @pgagrandslam will be held at @trumpgolfla this year! follow @trumpgolf for more! an investment in knowledge pays the best interest. -- benjamin franklin. @justinkrizel: i can vote in next election. if he runs i will absolutely vote for donaldtrump - he s the best candidate out there. the blue monster at trump national doral recieved rave reviews from both players and architectural critics following the cadillac wgc.thanks. @krcompanion: if @realdonaldtrump gave a state of the union address i d listen. #theapprentice #trump. @peterjbates: @realdonaldtrump and @peterjbates discussing the @trumpcollection in new york the best hotels. @seangeezee: announced today the 33rd #pga grand slam of golf to be held @trumpnationalla oct2015 @nbcsportsradio. @tdavistonya: mr. trump our government is imploding. america needs your strong and honest leadership. pls throw your hat in the ring ! @ipfinancing: @realdonaldtrump @daltonkats trump chicago is my favorite. @realpro4real: the pga grand slam of golf will be held at @trumpgolfla :-. @realpro4real: it s so gorgeous! you have amazing taste donald! @trumpgolfla @foxnews @foxandfriends @cnbc. @justinraay: @realdonaldtrump @realpro4real @trumpgolfla. awesome! @sandykjack: @realdonaldtrump -you are what america needs right now- we need a bad-ass president that we can trust and knows how to lead. @justrelaxfornow: @realdonaldtrump @realpro4real @trumpgolfla your son eric is awesome. get ready!! the #trumpferrypoint tee sheet opens today @ 10am est on our website for april 1st-30th! @trumpferrypoint. @kenzig: time to throw your hat in the ring mr. trump. currently we have a liar a repeat overzealous tea partier some govs...blah. @warrior dave: @photomateme @jacknicklaus i see it every day from the whitestone - can t wait to play a round with my cgxs and airmax s. @iamgerg: @realdonaldtrump theres only one guy with the intellect balls and know how to fix this countrydonald trump 2016. @sherry09 @realdonaldtrump please announce that you re running for president soon. we all need some hope for the future! @chiyankfred @trumpdoral mr. trump after watching this weekend my next father son golf outing will be at the blue monster! looked great. @pimpincrxboy @realdonaldtrump can t wait to play trump national and it was a real treat to see donald trump there today. #topnotch thanks. @slanister @realdonaldtrump @sherry09 please hurry up & run i ll vote for you!!! entrepreneurs: having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge. entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. never give up! @jorgeqb22: @realdonaldtrump: entrepreneurs: being stubborn is a big part of being a winner. never give up! @calhoundeane: say what you want about @realdonaldtrump the apprentice is such a career saver for so many people!!! #absoluteicon. @dnorrell: @greta @statedept @foxnews trump is only good canidate - non-politician non-insider - bring transpaency back. @realdonaldtrump. @momtoheather: @trumplasvegas @realdonaldtrump great hotel!! stayed there twice. @meetinlongbeach: @trumpgolfla @repostapp @pgagrandslam looking forward to welcoming this event to the greater #longbeach area! #meetinlb. @aloracai: #goodadvicein4words vote @realdonaldtrump for president. @jwil444: @realdonaldtrump @dnorrell @greta @statedept @foxnews trump would shape the debate and dialogue in a way no one else could. @monkiekaty: @realdonaldtrump @aloracai if mr. trump runs for president we will vote. @gsspike: @jwil444 @dnorrell @greta @statedept @foxnews he s the only one with guts enough to talk about the real issues that count. @joe3957: @realdonaldtrump @jwil444 @dnorrell @greta @statedept @foxnews do it. @w o r l d usa: @realdonaldtrump would win any presidential debate. trump for president! @charlesgerace: can t wait to play @trumpferrypoint this april. tee time already booked. thanks @realdonaldtrump for another great course. @russiannavyblog: @joe3957 @jwil444 @dnorrell @greta @statedept @foxnews if there is anything america desperately needs it s a trump run! @secondtonone8: the white house is waiting for you to move in mr. trump. @realdonaldtrump. @monkiekaty: @realdonaldtrump @russiannavyblog @joe3957 @jwil444 @dnorrell @greta @statedept @foxnews yes! yes! yes! trump for president. @hgswiney: @realdonaldtrump is more than an entrepreneur... he s an american icon-and will definitely get my vote in 2016 thank you! @newhopenchange: reading the art of the deal for the 4th time over 18 years. motivational and educational in different ways each time. @dennis goins: @realdonaldtrump what are you waiting for? run! the country needs you! it s now or never! we need leadership! just as i have been saying for many years and while they phony negotiate with the u.s. over nuclear iran is taking over iraq. really sad! the problem with the u.s. is that our leadership has no knowledge or ability to negotiate or see into the future. every nation beats us! trump international hotel washington d.c. will be one of the world s top luxury hotels. @team6q: watch listen and #learn. you cant know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. - donald trump. wow little mac miller has almost 100 million views on his song donald trump. keep pushing mac and come up with another hit - just do it! @salamifiedrbx: omg @realdonaldtrump for president please. entrepreneurs: a winning attitude will put things in perspective. keep negative thoughts & people where they belong--out of the big picture. entrepreneurs: what is the standard for which you want to be known? identify that standard & then establish it. simple but not easy. focus! entrepreneurs: there are no guarantees but being ready sure beats being taken by surprise. know everything you can about what you re doing. boy did pharrell & robin thicke get screwed. the marvin gaye song sounds nothing like theirs. get new lawyers fast! @nagwarexbl: we need @realdonaldtrump for president so true thanks! @approject: via @pulse2016: taking @realdonaldtrump seriously #tcot #ccot very interesting check it out! @donnalee57: @realdonaldtrump yes sir wish you were president with decision power to lead this country back to greatness. @britlizhilton: #celebrityapprentice @donaldjtrumpjr don t follow me but he has children to be proud of. i really admire @realdonaldtrump. @dhami98devin: as a 16 year old young man i am very impressed that i haven t been able to put down the art of the deal great book! @seajay2uk: @realdonaldtrump @turnberrybuzz beautiful sunset of lighthouse and ailsa craig. @edgecgroup: back in #nyc for a huge week meeting our partners. staying at the highly recommended @trumpsoho @realdonaldtrump. .@foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. @foxesba: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends my favorite part of the week is listening to you on monday mornings #morningsarebetterwithfriends. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i cant wait. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump you sound really presidential on @foxandfriends 2016 cant come soon enough i know you will win. @jenninboca: i enjoy seeing @realdonaldtrump on @foxandfriends. president trump has a lovely ring to it i think. #teamtrump @foxnews. @fc61e7ca3dac404: @realdonaldtrump a great candidate for president! h:- ope with my heart u run! our country needs u. @stuarty19 @realdonaldtrump celebrity apprentice is great got right into the series big fan of it now! great! trump national golf club bedminster new jersey has courses designed by tom fazio & 16 acres of practice facilities. @samdoyle12 @realdonaldtrump when starting a business what is the most important aspect? find work that you love--be passionate about it. @mayhemsolis @realdonaldtrump any tips on staying motivated? keep focused on your goals. think about them daily-- & don t lose momentum. @jcosmofisher: if donald trump runs for president in 2016 he most certainly has my vote. we need to get this country turned around. @grahamclark: is it just me or does @realdonaldtrump seem nice? @1a0e358348904f5: we need a president that can get america back on track and get things done! @realdonaldtrump for president! @craigmacwilson: @realdonaldtrump run donald run! @jack p ivory: @realdonaldtrump is the only person alive who could clean up the mess obama left us. true! @anitamarkdjones: @realdonaldtrump agree he has my vote !! @myhealthcoach1: your c-pac speech 2015 was presented so clear straight forward it made it so easy to understand wt prob us has! @jack p ivory i m a #trump fan even though i live outside the u.s. but i like what i read and see from him. he takes no bs! true! @samdoyle12 when discouragement comes in the business what would be your suggestion? you have to expect problems. keep moving forward. entrepreneurs: success is good. success with significance is even better. make your work count. entrepreneurs: we win in our daily lives by being careful with every day every moment. entrepreneurs: see yourself as an organization. pay attention to every facet of your life. what s strong? what s weak? what s missing? @playazball: @joshcalebking @bestbergerever @realdonaldtrump and the irish love trump! @d mc cullough: @paddyb ireland @realdonaldtrump do ya not know this wee man is one of the best in the world. @joshcalebking: @bestbergerever @realdonaldtrump trumpy really loves the irish! @tmac7771: @realdonaldtrump run 4 president we need your business mind to make america great again. @thatjguy92: mark it down @realdonaldtrump has my vote great! @therealhabanero: the thought of you becoming president of the united states is the only thing that gives me hope for this country s future. @ezika101: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #jobsmatter. @vinceconley: @realdonaldtrump woohoo! the united states of america president trump! i like the sound of that! #trump2016. @midvilleb: @realdonaldtrump please run & save this country. @mytime28: @foxbusiness @realdonaldtrump i rather see him as president than any republican out there at least he will think and sense. @willaa99: @realdonaldtrump for the love of the united states of america don t let another bush or clinton in office! run donald trump run! april is autism awareness month join me in raising awareness - get your light it up blue sign here! #liub. corey lewandowski senior political adviser: mr.trump has the vision and leadership skills to bring our country back to greatness. trump national golf club washington d.c. is located on 600 acres and fronts the potomac river. spectacular! the donald j. trump presidential exploratory committee-. @jlogossocomedy: i ve never voted... if @realdonaldtrump runs for #president .... i m voting for him. @rcooljr: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016!!! you got our votes!!! make it happen!! @aozsvath: @realdonaldtrump please run for the president and make america great again. americans worked too hard to lose their country!!! @boarcane: donaldtrump we need you to run and win! a true patriot with only the country s best interest at heart. @nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! i d vote for @realdonaldtrump in a heartbeat!!! @littlevd23 @rosannascotto he is what this country needs! mr.trump would undoubtedly do all the right things to make the usa respectable. @matt med @realdonaldtrump trump 2016! has a nice ring to it! you have my vote! please run! @annmcg01 @rosannascotto much as i will miss celeb apprentice we need a real president! i d vote for him! love to see him on #gdny. @littmannraymond @realdonaldtrump he would be a great president and we need him to represent and protect america s interests worldwide. @talkernewyorker i love the trump family. they have done so much just in #nyc how lucky other parts get to benefit! #goodfamily. @yo rocky right now... i would vote for @realdonaldtrump for president. trump int l hotel & tower new york has the perfect manhattan location & @jeangeorges is the signature restaurant. @smilin smuggler @realdonaldtrump you have my vote! #trumpforpresident #trump2016. @horptyler while i ll miss the celebrity apprentice season 15 i think it s great that @realdonaldtrump will try for the white house. trump golf links at ferry point an 18 hole public golf course in the bronx new york is opening soon! .@trumpsoho new york has interiors by celebrated design house fendi casa and 360 degree views of the city skyline. @john siracusa @realdonaldtrump @boarcane president donald trump would be an awesome presence in #america and we regain respect. @zaneypeterson @realdonaldtrump you have my vote! @moniquehorsey i really love and admire @realdonaldtrump s high level of work ethic & motivation. very inspiring to entrepreneurs! thanks. trump national golf club los angeles fronts the pacific ocean and has an 18 hole pete dye course. beautiful! entrepreneurs: set the example and you ll be a magnet for the right people. that s the best way to work with people you like. entrepreneurs: learn to be succinct. can you tell someone your idea in three minutes or less? be clear and concise. entrepreneurs: let your actions show that you re the best. see each day as an opportunity to show you can do business at the highest level. @rafflewinner @realdonaldtrump i can t decide if you will be a great president or the greatest president! #trump2016. success is not final failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. -- winston churchill. @samdoyle12 @realdonaldtrump thanks for the quotes today---a month away of starting my own business #helpful good luck. @dulcifybp @seajay2uk @realdonaldtrump @visitayrshire what a great credit to donald trump thanks. .@miamiherald discusses our @trumpcollection #trumppets program @trumpdoral:. @nicolesavilla: #trumpforpresident hell yes!!! i d vote for @realdonaldtrump in a heartbeat!!! @jjj2323: treated myself to a few nights in trump tower in chicago. all i can say is ..wow. you know how to look after your guests. @wizardofwords: @victoriajacobs @trumptoronto yes i loved it! close to #unionstation for train travellers which is what i was. #toronto. @travelbabe78: @realdonaldtrump you will have my vote. #presidenttrump. @jefferyaarnold: #tedcruz for president? haha. really @tedcruz? you should run as support for @realdonaldtrump not as a candidate. @tylerleesmit: i found a few of your buildings in busan south korea. they re looking clean and beautiful. keep expanding the empire! @bellanycmag: you have to think anyway so why not think big? @realdonaldtrump inside the pages of our #spring. @judybaldasaro: it was a pleasure to meet donald with rep @al baldasaro & i at vip recept in amherst nh #nhpolitics. @kirstydace: a brilliant weekend at turnberry. polite friendly staff delicious food and beautiful setting. will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 15 minutes! enjoy. @duranshingange1: @realdonaldtrump i work hard everyday to be like u one day in my life. great you will be very successful! @stephenmangan: enjoying @realdonaldtrump s thinking face. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump great job mr trump lots of great ideas!! looking forward to hearing more from you god bless! @chingaling3: @realdonaldtrump praying that you have a productive day. give god thanks. he gave you the ability to succeed. thank you. @neilwipperman: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump @tedcruz go team trump! @johnfulthorpe: america needs @realdonaldtrump he is the only one who can save us from the leftie liberal fascists. #votetrump. @suddy25 just watched celebrity apprentice in england. wonderful. how did you choose between them. whole prog was great. thank you. @cahlrstorrie i think @realdonaldtrump is the only reason i watch fox and friends. honest man he is. @foxandfriends. @greigaspinall @realdonaldtrump great show! shame we are so behind in the uk. the 2011 season just finished! well done @johnrich thanks. @joanslavin1 @greigaspinall @johnrich simply brilliant would never miss it trump family a credit to society re charitable donations. via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump says he will decide on a presidential run by june. icymi raw video: donald trump speaks at rep. steve stepanek s amherst reception via @wmur9. in n.h. trump says his business experience would play well in government via @conmonitornews by @ap. @arsenalhobbo just finished watching celebrity apprentice @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump on the bbc great work guys for such a good cause. will be on @megynkelly tonight at 9:00. will be talking about everything! @megynkelly: #kellyfile behind-the-scenes: here i am with @realdonaldtrump on set! he joins me at 9p et tune in. @fatrotty: i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump to beat ted cruz down in a debate. #trump2016. @wastehe: @realdonaldtrump @fatrotty well @realdonaldtrump make an announcement. i love you and i want to see you do it! @cclkm: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly run donald run! @ultimate tree: @realdonaldtrump donald you inspired me in business to mop up my competition the same way you do. @belllachay: @realdonaldtrump please tell me you re going to run for the big one...president! usa needs you! #alltheway #votetrump. @chriswerner1988: @realdonaldtrump make the announcement june 14th ! @am burns13: currently rooting for @realdonaldtrump to announce his 2016 campaign. @lancebagley1: @realdonaldtrump lend us your steel. run. run. run. #trump2016. @raymeem: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump i see donald is the only guy who makes sense on economic reality.he sees navet of america vs china. @jeremythedrift: @realdonaldtrump please run you are republicans only hope. @foxrocks2012: @trumpgolfla @daniel logan amazing double rainbow above the course : a good omen for donaldtrump. @alorcafesocial: @realdonaldtrump @bellanycmag love ya donald!! @basilicaceo: annoyed that ted cruz announced he s running because i don t like anyone except @realdonaldtrump. @brianjohnson4: when you become president who would be the secretary of the treasury? no one can run a business better that you. @jaayzen: @realdonaldtrump @chriswerner1988 run donald run! @seanhannity. @njunger 19: @realdonaldtrump ok ted effing cruz is running. come on donald. for the love of god run. never voted rep but i will if u run. @marko0524: @realdonaldtrump run donald run. @colinswood: 1 i will vote for you @realdonaldtrump. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump this country needs you!! @vidortwitt: @realdonaldtrump plz run for president and get this country back on track! plzzzzz! @luisaorozcov: my dream! @realdonaldtrump is an example of life. @matt the stud: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote if you commit. you know what you can do. give your people what america needs. @cvergara32: @realdonaldtrump for president. @scottmalouff: @realdonaldtrump you have to run!! your next!! @dinopetrongolo: @realdonaldtrump 2016. @joelleangeli: @realdonaldtrump i m patiently awaiting a big announcement... #trump2016. @anon thom: you have my vote @realdonaldtrump. @drewpalmquist: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016!! @nick bailey: can t wait to see @realdonaldtrump s miraculous border fence when he s elected president in 2016! @njunger 19: @gingerpascoe @realdonaldtrump exactly. thats y i said ive never voted rep but i will if donald runs. rep or not he gets it. @pg1701: @basilicaceo: annoyed cruz running becos i don t like anyone cept @realdonaldtrump. @njunger 19: has all he could ever want. if he runs for pres then it it because he loves our country and wants to make it strong again. @eerbnagrom: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump my 2 favorites! @doremusj: @realdonaldtrump you re my dream candidate. i hope your exploratory committee agrees. if they don t you should fire them. cute! @michaelentrekin: at this point every arrow points your way.. we need the don!! #trumpforpresident we need you sir! run! #betteramerica. @johnhmaddox: listening to donaldtrump interview on @savagenation. he s so far above the rest of the field as a practical realistic leader. @justsoldcom: @realdonaldtrump trump has a very good chance at 2016! we need you mr trump the us needs you!! @vagpoop: @realdonaldtrump heard you on 770 today. you should run. #forreal. @ ayley: @realdonaldtrump you would be doing our country a favor by running for president. #trump2016. @sanstar emedia: heard @realdonaldtrump might be running for #president. think that would be pretty cool actually. @simsdaniel: #trump2016 please! @realdonaldtrump. @debrachopaola: donald trump is the hope of america! @realdonaldtrump. @jnoboa23: @realdonaldtrump this country needs a strong business mind to get it back on the right financial track and you have that mind! @mariafotedis: please run @realdonaldtrump you will win. we need you. @paw1015: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump please run. you d take them all to the cleaners in the debates and get the 270. @kev 360 @golfdigest agree. especially when @realdonaldtrump @trumpscotland have the best course and rates going. #bestofthebest. @poolsharknc: @golfdigest great! @trumpscotland @realdonaldtrump i can t get enough of that fantastic place. thanks. @lisaowens1989 @realdonaldtrump please run for president and get our country running better! @mauijano you have my presidential vote! we need an assertive person like you to bring back respect and financial repair to america! thx. my @foxnews @megynkelly int. on why i am considering running for potus negotiations & making america great again. via @dcexaminer by @escarry: donald trump: @huffingtonpost a very dishonest organization. @indybuffalojim @greta i remember visiting that building a real jewel i am proud of donald once again stepping up to make america beautiful. @talkernewyorker @indybuffalojim @greta mr. trump is mr. nyc let s make him mr. president i am ready to work-it to get you in! @stevieboy 63 @talkernewyorker @5gentexan hi katie let s get donald trump in the wh. he s the man to get this country back in order! @jj55334767 @realdonaldtrump please save america! the country has over 18 trillion in debt! with @greta in washington d.c. old post office under construction. tune in tonight at 7pm est! entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one. entrepreneurs: trust your instincts even after you ve honed your skills. they re there for a reason. entrepreneurs: take responsibility for yourself. it s a very empowering attitude. @josephangel247 @realdonaldtrump so true after reading the art of the deal #amustreadbook #goodadvice. i am on @greta now! @jdwillms1jeff: @realdonaldtrump you are the best choice to turn around the country. @belle 2016: @greta i would vote for @realdonaldtrump for president with @marcorubio as vice president. that would work for people in fla. @ibusinesslounge: @realdonaldtrump and parlux fragrances partner to launch second fragrance for men. #ibusinesslounge #business. go to @greta show - will be talking about opo and plenty else - enjoy! @welovethedonald: @realdonaldtrump what a beautiful first family you will be! @conservmatt: @stevenlas @jimlockwoodshow @realdonaldtrump the donald employs and feeds more people than all of us combined. he s america. @15pinnacle: i have to give donaldtrump credit ... he lets everyone #tourists into his beautiful #hotel #residence...and it s beautiful!! @mikephelps5: watching mighty planes about @realdonaldtrump private b-757. mr. trump is the man. he s as impressive as the jet. thank you. @tgainesgirl: @welovethedonald i totally agree i almost cried watching @greta interview with you. do it just do it run and save america. @greatmakeupkate: @realdonaldtrump @jdwillms1jeff donald trump is the greatest hope for this country we have. @druebuono: @realdonaldtrump just saw you on greta hope your not just teasing us about running! go for it you ll see! @brianstoya: @realdonaldtrump for potus #2016. @gibbons2012alex: @melaniatrump @realdonaldtrump id vote for you.. @cptnloco262: @realdonaldtrump watching @greta right now...i m game! let s take it and win! @johnny4arizona: dream debate 4 #election2016 clinton vs trump: trump would be fired up and hillary would be not hired !!! #trump2016. @johnny4arizona: a trump presidency would make u.s great again make made in usa #1 put more in pockets of every american #trump2016. @hakolbzman you would make an awesome president. we need someone who actually understands business to turn this country around thanks. jack nicklaus ii gave the best tribute to a parent i have ever heard at yesterdays congressional gold medal ceremony honoring @jacknicklaus. .@ivankatrump s favorite miami hot spots @trumpgolf @trumpdoral. via only one man up for the job of president. via @bostonherald by eugene r. dunn: iran a clear danger. via @newsmax media by @owentew: trump on 2016 run: i would self-fund appoint wall street experts. my @greta int. on @foxnews with @melaniatrump at opo discussing my potential candidacy & making america great again. americans are hungry to feel once again a sense of mission and greatness. pres. ronald reagan. many people think that wm23 @wrestlemania the battle of the billionaires was the greatest of all timeset all records. @brendanmalakym @realdonaldtrump first time in the fabled #trumphotel toronto - concierge was amazing & experience is the right word thx. donald trump launches new men s fragrance-- empire -- @macys because every man has his own empire to build. via @foxnews: trump: politicians are all talk no action i m the opposite. @xxjennypennyxx: @realdonaldtrump super excited to be spending easter in doonbeg #spa #irishgirl #donaldtrump #lovetrump #ireland. @aspieprobs: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #trumpforprez you will get my vote. pres. obama was touting yemen as a great success story - it just fell. obama doesn t know what he is doing. saudi arabia is in big trouble. if saudi arabia which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil wants our help and protection they must pay dearly! no freebies. sgt. bowe bergdahl should face the death penalty for desertion - five brave soldiers died trying to bring him back. u.s. has to get tough! @amazinhof the more i read about @realdonaldtrump the more i want him to be president. his directness & honesty just makes sense. @accronin8 @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! @wastehe @realdonaldtrump @accronin8 we need a trump card in the white house. you can make this country back to the way it was! @paul1994loan you would be the most straightforward prez weve ever had. i dont see you reading prepared speeches off a teleprompter. @bluesmansiny @realdonaldtrump the donald for president. big yes! the country needs a leader. resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation.-- @jacknicklaus. entrepreneurs: seek opportunity and see opportunity as a perk. you never know what will evolve. keep an open mind! entrepreneurs: when negotiating don t be an open book. know that the only person on your side might be yourself. entrepreneurs: successful negotiation means knowing what the other side wants. you ve got to know where they re coming from. pay attention! flashback @foxnewsinsider july 14:trump: bergdahl swap another mistake by gang that couldn t shoot straight. looking forward to speaking @nranews convention in nashville the 2nd amendment is a right not a privilege! @jeff713jeffrey @foxnewsinsider i don t care what anyone says i ll take trump anyday at least he tells the truth and tells it like it is! message to obama re: iran: the worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it. the art of the deal. faster and cheaper trump finishes nyc ice rink @trumprink gov. can be efficient w leadership & business acumen. icymi via @dmregister by @jenniferjjacobs: donald trump to give iowa speech on education. @henry4 graham @realdonaldtrump fantastic advice as always. thanks. @nathanerbland i agree------ the 2nd amendment is a right not a privilege! @realdonaldtrump. looking forward to tonight s ayrshire chamber of commerce annual dinner 2015 @ayrshirechamber. @kellymorrisltd @ayrshirechamber sad to be missing it. huge buzz about the key note speaker this year!!! america s future president. @roddydunn @realdonaldtrump @ayrshirechamber big things expected from tonight s key note speech :. @dosmturnberry look forward to hosting clients & guests at the ayrshire chamber annual dinner tonight with guest speaker @realdonaldtrump. @entourageuk @ayrshirechamber looking forward to your annual dinner dinner tonight and hearing from @realdonaldtrump #acdinner15. @craighume off to @ayrracecourse tonight for the @ayrshirechamber dinner. looking forward to seeing @realdonaldtrump & hearing his speech! @littlevd23 @aaronmcallorum @nyc like anything mr. trump puts his name on simply amazing!! the bronx needed the trump touch! thanks. @sammybo73392412 @aaronmcallorum @realdonaldtrump i passed by yesterday while driving down the whitestone bridge. what a beautiful sight. the road to success is always under construction.-- arnold palmer. @shepherd connor great to see the future president back in scotland. he is going to make turnberry a very special place once it s finished! @cahlrstorrie everytime @realdonaldtrump comes to scotland it s always sunny. it s not often for the sun to be out in scotland. @indybuffalojim @trumptoronto doesn t suprise me one little bit look who is running luxury donald trump that master of what people want :. @nathanmporter @trumptoronto @realdonaldtrump congrats!! that is an amazing accomplishment!! well deserved... #toronto. the girlfriend of lubitz the wacko co-pilot who took down the plane knew he was insane and should have reported him. put her through hell. @thetaintedt: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump trump 2016. @danowiggins: @realdonaldtrump i always enjoy your straight talk. i m afraid america can t handle the truth. perhaps so! @tom38ts: @realdonaldtrump please run for president this country needs a real leader please. @looneytunes002: i am tired of @realdonaldtrump thinking about it- just do it. the country is a mess. politicians will only make it worse. @javamedic: @realdonaldtrump you know we are desperate so time to announce #trumpforpresident. #foxandfriends. @foxandfriends: .@realdonaldtrump calls out those negotiating with iran on a new nuclear deal. @politcswatch: @realdonaldtrump i would call what the obama administration has done these two terms a disaster. #foxandfriends. @mysticmimsy: @javamedic i tcompletely agree. trump is the only man with enough gusto to force the wind of change. #trumpforpresident. @turnberrybuzz the jewel in donald trump golfing crown via @thescotsman by @dempstermartin. via @cbnnews @thebrodyfile: poll: donald trump in gop top tier for president. wow what a nice honor! us tycoon donald trump in talks with ryanair to bring more flights back to prestwick airport via @daily record. via @gazettedotcom by james q. lynch: trump to run typical caucus campaign but bigger. my @wmur9 commitment 2016 conversation with @joshmcelveen discussing leadership china healthcare & veterans. we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. veterans deserve universal access to care anywhere and anytime! the border is wide open for cartels & terrorists. secure our border now. build a massive wall & deduct the costs from mexican foreign aid! @funkyfakir: @realdonaldtrump donald trump and condoleezza rice. what a ticket that would be! @thembazoko1: @realdonaldtrump: we create success or failure on the course primarily by our thoughts. -- gary player. @marioraez1: just came back from chicago and ur building there is gorgeous! best looking one in the city. class and luxury all the way. @tom38ts i wanted trump to be the president in 2012 the country needs trump to be the next president in 2016. @ajcarpenter0 hoping to see @realdonaldtrump in office for the next 8 years #trump2016. iran is desperate to develop nukes. congress must increase sanctions against iran. via @foxnewsinsider as seen on @foxandfriends: trump: iran nuke talks should have taken one day. there is only one fix for obamacare - repeal & replace with a free market oriented alternative! simply take a big goal and mold yourself to become the person who can accomplish that goal. think big. the right leadership can help economy while creating security around the world. lets make america great again! entrepreneurs: ask yourself: what am i pretending not to see? there may be some great opportunities right around you. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious. look at the solution not the problem. be tough be strong be tenacious. entrepreneurs: gain and use information to your advantage--see every day as an opportunity to learn. i will be on bill o reilly s show tonight at 8 pm--talking about iran and politics. @oreillyfactor. i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. enjoy! @giamattijenna: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor it s going 2 b good. @donniewilmoth: @realdonaldtrump i hope this is your official announcement for your candidacy. @welovethedonald: you can count me in! why do you think i m @welovethedonald? because i believe in you and trust your judgement! @khadeejanicolle: @realdonaldtrump your exactly correct. don t let me down by not running for president! @cherelynn: @realdonaldtrump @welovethedonald i would support you if you were going to get in the race thanks. @megapandaduck: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor we desperately need another great president. come on mr. trump america needs you! turn on @oreillyfactor now and enjoy true brilliance! @williamgardanis: @realdonaldtrump the best president in the history of the united states donald j trump. @beyon: @oreillyfactor you know... donaldtrump is looking pretty damn good as a presidential candidate. maybe he is our modern day patton? @gwonder6: first election i can vote in... i want @realdonaldtrump to run for president. @johna553: @realdonaldtrump don you have to run. @marianoqcasilum: @realdonaldtrump please run and run. please help us liberate america from obama s maladies! @jesseaazar: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor start to save america pres. trump! @kicknback123: @realdonaldtrump is a master negotiator. obama can t even operate a toaster. #oreillyfactor. @southsalem: i d vote for @realdonaldtrump b4 christie jeb schumio @oreillyfactor. @christianlasval: what s happening to us is not a question of toughit s a question of smart. hurry and run already we need to get smart. @stl blonde: i love you @realdonaldtrump you re an american original. don t ever change. #oreillyfactor thank you. @stonebreakerii: i would most definitely vote for trump for president!! he would be a real leader unlike what we have now @oreillyfactor. @michaeltmorgan1: @oreillyfactor trump is right: we are dealing with zealots animals and amateurs... wake up. no deal walk and walk fast. @oledudstillgoin: @realdonaldtrump trump 4 president 2016....count on my vote! @foxesba: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor the smart guy i love that slogan! @trhdesign55: great interview @realdonaldtrump on @oreillyfactor !!! throw your hat in the ring !!! @j sab : @realdonaldtrump for president ! @chris r 2014: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor - we need trump as president! @agoodeye: @oreillyfactor v @realdonaldtrump bill you re out of your league. don knows what he s saying. @doehillmeme: i m with you @realdonaldtrump!! @katmur23: run @realdonaldtrump run! @oreillyfactor #oreillyfactor. @edroc72: @realdonaldtrump will bring #america back. our #savvy #optimism and #pride needs a #strong #leader like donald trump. #elect2016. @richrichie725: @realdonaldtrump you can t make a bad deal good. each day that iran delays the deal if that is what you call it we must add another sanction and make them progressively tough. @marino joanna: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor my money is on you in making a deal with iran. @fakeskiteam: @realdonaldtrump this obama guy has no backbone when it comes to foreign policy! please run for president donald! @anniekineavy: @realdonaldtrump for president !! #thesmartguy. @fakeskiteam: @realdonaldtrump that s why we need tough smart leaders like you in the white house instead of this pushover obama! @msft9: @realdonaldtrump @richrichie725 good job on o reilly tonight! @wingchungun: trump would have iran not only dismantling their nuke program but would be paying the us to help! ... & in one day!!! @user9888: money was never a big motivation for meexcept as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. @realdonaldtrump. @sailor7: @rebeccagberg - i am ready to work for the gop - i want to back @realdonaldtrump - he is a patriot. @wnapier99: @realdonaldtrump great interview on o reilly tonight! @party 2016: @realdonaldtrump mr trump......hope we can call you mr. president soon!!!!! thanks. @hitemhard 42: @realdonaldtrump is not a #politician. perfect. build back a great #america say what u mean & get it done. #realbusinessman. @pinkdaisey22: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor great job both of you! donald you have my vote! @nikkio: good interview on o reilly - many people r unaware how foreigners play around w currency to win trade over usa companies. @bridgetmarie89: @foxesba: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor the smart guy i love that slogan! trumps smart guy approach #inspired me. @teeroyd: saw you on oreily and you hit it on the head bring all manufacturing back stop outsourcing im a gay republican announce! @tr123xyz: @realdonaldtrump excellent appearance on o reilly factor tonight. the smart guy is what this country needs. @chrisbiedermann: building a massive wall on our southern border needs to happen now. support donald trump. he can make this happen. @cinderelly78: @oreillyfactor @realdonaldtrump get in there and straighten this country out! @lauramontaguxox: @realdonaldtrump you would be a good president! your a great businessman and care about our country! thanks. @michellemeyer10: donald usa must never allow iran to make their chants death to america a reality. @devin199722: just watched you on @oreillyfactor want you to run for office in 2016 so you can be the first president i vote for!!! @cigartainer: @realdonaldtrump best i ve seen you o reilly. u bring a lot to the table & r a true citizen. @will1957: mr. trump. this nation needs you now more than ever. i encourage you to run for potus. your impact is a game changer. @josh millard16: i m loving everything donaldtrump has been saying about the iranian nuclear deal china mexico and the border.please run. @flyosubuckeye1: run mr trump! run! #oreillyfactor @realdonaldtrump i doubt sec kerry ever read art of the deal. @codihart: @realdonaldtrump saw you on @oreillyfactor tonight. go trump! @19thwheel: heard your interview on siriusxm radio from foxnews. i was thinking scott walker but now going trump card all the way. @19thwheel: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump thank you for having #trump on!! want to see him educate reps on #economy !! my friend @christianjosi is making a very special lp. follow him. conservative leader by day likely 2015 grammy winner by night. #legends. #trumpvlog be careful with iran. one of the greatest tributes to a father i have ever witnessed--given to the great @jacknicklaus by his wonderful son. @danmilosevich @erictrump @trumpferrypoint impressive - just as trumps would be as first family. i hope your dad runs 4 prez we need him. the townhall question segment of my @wmur9 commitment 2016 conversation @joshmcelveen great questions people #fitn. @ronsonlocke @realdonaldtrump i passed your aberdeen golf course looks amazing! thanks! via @rcpvideo: donald trump on who he likes for president: donald trump. via @newsmax media by @owentew: donald trump: kerry has to walk if iran doesn t make deal. via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump: you re hired. washington needs common sense conservative solutions. lets make america great again! obamas offer to iran will not stop irans breakout capability. it is a bad desperate deal negotiated from weakness. pass sanctions! must read via @foxnews by @jaysekulow: mr. president: will you bring home american pastor imprisoned in iran? entrepreneurs: realize that success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. nothing less. entrepreneurs: learn to trust yourself. being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. entrepreneurs: practice positive thinking with a lot of reality checks. know that goals come with obstacles. @kuhnl1: @realdonaldtrump: entrepreneurs: learn to trust yourself. being an entrepreneur is not a group effort. @tyrone deverger: @realdonaldtrump i pray to god you run for 2016. you are the one man that can save the usa. @newsmax media: suffolk univ. poll: trump leads cruz rubio in new hampshire. @arthurkade: fun chatting w derek hough donald trump zac posen harvey weinstein meredith vieira and more. @scotspolfed: friendliness professionalism & sheer dedication of staff @turnberrybuzz should be pointed out to the boss @realdonaldtrump. @michellem: praying for only more success for djt. an honorable man who knows the art of the deal & who would not make a bad deal w #iran. @maryhodgins: for all the amazing people in the world with #aspergers & #autism. @richardbranson @realdonaldtrump. @jleec reading @realdonaldtrump art of the deal tonight for the 3rd time. please run for president! #trump2016. @oliveromrf very excited to start reading #theartofthedeal after being so inspired by #howtogetrich @realdonaldtrump great. good luck! watch my @oreillyfactor appearance from this week discussing nuclear negotiations with iran-. via @thetodaysgolfer trump @turnberrybuzz transformation on course. oil is under 50 barrel. now is the time to increase sanctions against iran not lift them. no deal is better than a bad deal. #artofthedeal. politicians are all talk and no action. washington can only be fixed by an outsider. lets make america great again! @4kmiddlebrook: #everyone @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can beat hillary. via @cbsnewyork: @trumpferrypoint opens in the bronx. the iran nuclear deal is a terrible one for the united states and the world. it does nothing but make iran rich and will lead to catastrophe. @ohheyyhbayyy: one could only hope that @realdonaldtrump will run for president. had enough of obama s poor choices in office. @hillarysusans: it showed. he ll be up in nh for fitn. can t wait to see him. will tweet pictures to @foxnews. @greta: @hillarysusans @realdonaldtrump i had so much fun doing that interview - so different from the usual otr. @hillarysusans: @greta @realdonaldtrump that was such a great piece. really enjoyed it! @greta: @realdonaldtrump @hillarysusans i can hardly wait to do the interview when the old post office is finished in all her glamour. that saturday night live is able to joke about the germanwings air tragedy is disgusting. they should apologize to all of those suffering! have a fantastic beautiful and happy easter everyone and then when easter is over have great wins and triumphs in life. never give up! @golf com: .@realdonaldtrump s nyc course just opened and it is spectacular: thank you joe! @babyfuzz1969: declare your candidacy! right time right age right mind w common sense right leadership #rightman #rightnow #rightvote. i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter! .@shawnjohnson have a great easter you are a real champion! @bamadad1985: @realdonaldtrump i hope u run for president. u have my vote. @tijfbutler: greatest easter greeting ever rt@realdonaldtrump: i wish everyone including the haters and losers a very happy easter! will be doing @foxandfriends this morning at 7:00. enjoy! @realmetman: @realdonaldtrump nice segment on @foxandfriends.. you have my vote. @gameanew: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @maxine41823: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump always hear the truth from donald gives honest opinion...always listen. @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i always enjoy listening to you mr trump!! you give great advice! god bless!! @somecooldad: @mrmikecalta @realdonaldtrump for president. @doctor platek: @realdonaldtrump i believe you are the person who can help this great nation become great again! you are right! @majesticljp: @realdonaldtrump it s time for you to run for president of the united states mr trump!! .@rollingstone admitted their scam. phony @huffingtonpost and others are no better-- total joke! congress must stop obamas reckless deal with iran. the framework is a pathway for iran to develop nukes. #trumpadvice. looking forward to visiting @simpsoncollege on wednesday to discuss education. common core is an attack on individual & local rights! congratulations to @gatewaypundit on being named the #rol15 @breitbartnews award. well-earned & well-deserved! miamis top destination @trumpdorals remodeled royal palm pool offers 18 luxurious cabanas. via @lasvegassun by eugene dunn: 2016 is the year of donald trump. via @progressindex: donald trump to deliver keynote address at annual chesterfield republican gala. obamas promises on the iran deal are like him promising if you like your healthcare plan you can keep it - @marklevinshow. @marianoqcasilum: please make it known now that you are a serious candidate for president. we the american people need you to liberate usa. @buster842: @realdonaldtrump the thought of obama makes me want to puke. he is a big disgrace to america and all it stands for. @isaacyass: @realdonaldtrump i know you will do great things for the usa! .@serenawilliams we look forward to being with you a truly great champion tomorrow at trump national d.c. for the tennis center dedication. @susanbbossie: @realdonaldtrump excited to see the new tennis facility tomorrow @ trump national in va @serenawilliams best in world. @staceyhunter10: donaldtrump great brunch yesterday at mar a lago thank you for stopping to take a pic with our kids. @shapirojd: @realdonaldtrump you should be on #sharktank as a guest star. #trump2016 #kingofthedeal nice show! @toypilavzla: #trumpforpresident @realdonaldtrump is triumph. next year sounded the trumpets! @willgalloway : @realdonaldtrump when will you announce your 2016 decision? btw we all know you re running! #trump2016. as dishonest as @rollingstone is i say @huffingtonpost is worse. neither has much money - sue them and put them out of business! how much money is the extremely unattractive both inside and out arianna huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of his name? @jasoncwaite: @realdonaldtrump the best tweet of 2015. agree? #trump. @chipgates1: @realdonaldtrump @rollingstone @huffingtonpost yeah shut em down. nothing but toilet paper. @cstace1: @realdonaldtrump is a president to get excited about!!! 2016!!! @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump donald please run for president! you need to show obama how a real man does it! @realistboutmine: @realdonaldtrump for president please everyone vote in 2016 if god willing please we need him to help our country. @reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump agree 100. @whatyouknowjr: @realdonaldtrump @realistboutmine all you need to do is announce and we re there! @cleopattrausa: please mak it a 100 chance you ll run for president! i could make this country great again. @realistboutmine: f.y.i will make a excellent president he has what it takes to turn this county around he is donald trump for a reason. @kzieff: @realdonaldtrump just run! @reedgs119: @realdonaldtrump @cleopattrausa donald you are the next ronald reagan. make america great again. thank you. @tarashuman: donaldtrump thank you so much for your amazing hope message!!! i m so grateful. #hopeisagoodbreakfast. @laurasgoldman: .@realdonaldtrump why is it necessary to comment on .@ariannahuff looks? because she is a dog who wrongfully comments on me. many journalists are honest and great - but some are knowingly dishonest and basic scum. they should.be weeded out! wow the respected monmouth university poll has me ahead of most republican candidates nationwide and most people don t think i m running! @kylerok: amazing! trump tennis facility in loudoun county is gorgeous!! anything this man does he does it right. @4kmiddlebrook: @realdonaldtrump is ahead of most republican candidates and he hasn t even warmed up yet. america needs #trump2016 ! thanks. @xwellludwig: .@realdonaldtrump we need someone who can whip those goons on capital hill back into shape! #trump2016 #teens4trump. @sportstalkcsn: tonight at 10 on csn:@chickatcsn @bmitchlivecsn talk with t to discuss his new project in virginia. @janinegreenberg: meeting trump @realdonaldtrump #trumptennis #woohoo. @luismamh11: donaldtrump money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. @amit d r: @realdonaldtrump @4kmiddlebrook i m sure the american voters will say mr trump you are hired! @ckottlarock: @realdonaldtrump #trump4prez. @gegco: @seanhannity great interview with @randpaul it will b interesting 2 c if @realdonaldtrump runs.if so i hope u get 2 interview him. @brain quotes: when somebody challenges you fight back. be brutal. be tough. @realdonaldtrump. @brain quotes: sometimes your best investments are the ones you don t make. -donald trump @realdonaldtrump. @sxeymoney: @realdonaldtrump for president. @finenco: rand paul #speech is a repeat of every other #politician. heard it before @texasgop @nytimes we need flat tax #vote 4 donaldtrump. @mccoykellen: i would 100 recommend everyone watch all of @realdonaldtrump vines. @myview001: @realdonaldtrump u sure could do a lot for the country! @colemang81: i can t wait for donaldtrump to become president and finally put the us back on top as the worlds greatest country! #trump2016. leaving now - i m spending the entire day in iowa - great people great state! make america great again! meeting with iowa state senate leaders. @eharper69: @realdonaldtrump if you run you will win.. i ve never been wrong. just be presidential not a salesman! @jpicc1: @realdonaldtrump please do run!! we need a strong leader who will end the embarrassment our current president has caused us!! @forbes: quote of the day: sometimes your best investments are the ones you dont make. - donald trump. @travis temple: make america great again! @realdonaldtrump. @ttsincward: @realdonaldtrump go mr. trump we re pulling for you.. @kwrcrow: @communityjc i agree america is disheartened. i truly believe #trump can turn this country around. he is the only 1 who can. @justariot66: rand cruz rubio next week. a hat trick of never gonna win donald if you ever were for real this is the time. @realsquezz: @realdonaldtrump has what it takes to move america forward. #votetrumpforpresident. @teslu888: @realdonaldtrump we will vote 4 you. @bradheat: @realdonaldtrump is the entrepreneur that all entrepreneurs look up to. keep the inspiration up. thank you. @coffee6666: @realdonaldtrump @realsquezz i heard nbc pays don 3 million week for his show n president makes 8000 week. just watch! @chm14mc: @realdonaldtrump trump turnberry looks incredible in the sunshine. #lookinggreat #trumpturnberry. @kissangel864: @realdonaldtrump @justariot66 we need some one like you. are you putting your hat in the ring i sure hope so. @slips60: @realdonaldtrump looking in from across the pond america needs you asap. i had a great time in iowa yesterday- record crowds fantastic people! on my way to @trumpsoho to receive the aaa five diamond award. record crowd and standing ovation at simpson college in iowa- lots of fun wonderful audience! @stevewest222: @greta @repdesantis donaldtrump kerry is such a great negotiator he doesn t even know when he has a deal! better call trump. will be doing a big interview tonight with bret baier at 6:00 p.m. on fox. don t miss it! @iamapatsfan: i would rather donald trump be the president than jeb bush. would do a much better job! exclusivedonald trump: obama totally out-negotiated by iran taliban virtually every country in the world -. @blitz2fr: i won t rest until i have respectfully shaken the hand of donaldtrump himself. #inspiration #rolemodel. @kissangel864: @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfdc thats great and all but are you running for pres watch! i will be speaking at the nra event today in nashville. many friends will be there. @5reedz: @realdonaldtrump welcome to the best city in the usa....... nashville tn. i love nashville! @backontrackusa: again obama has made us a laughing stock with his iran negotiations . obama is a disgrace & an embarassment. .@bretbaier i will be interviewed by bret on fox tonight at 6:00. watch it will be good! off to nashville and the nra. @enole28: @seanhannity when will you have on @realdonaldtrump? sean is a great guy who truly loves our country. .@ericbolling did a fantastic job on o reilly tonight. way to go eric! the nra in nashville today was amazing. packed house and standing ovation for trump. thanks! @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump trump excites conservatives and appeals to independents. the best candidate. run donald run! thanks kyle. @gameweiver: @realdonaldtrump @ericbolling donald trump doesn t compliment many people. true! @houstongunn: a warm welcome to #nashville @realdonaldtrump today. thanks for sharing your wisdom and opinions with middle #tennessee. @dalley5: i got the tingle up my leg when you spoke! the common sense was to die for...we need somebody that will really fix this! @jjnebraski: @realdonaldtrump as a 100 disabled i beg u mr.trump run for president & make u.s. great again we need a honest man like you! @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump trump will be great on protecting 2a rights! @ittrp: @tarahill5 obama s average employment is worse than his last 5 predecessors including carter! @laurenhayes021: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president it would be the best thing that had happened to this country in a long time! @snugglebun31: @realdonaldtrump please save our country run for president! watch and thank you. @gamecockandrew: @realdonaldtrump thanks for coming to south carolina tomarrow my great honor! @mamaglove: please tell cruz & rubio we are trying to return to the constitution.no more usurpers #runtrumprun #makeamericagreatagain. @jeffbenton1079: @realdonaldtrump back in myrtle beach tomorrow. might see me at the airport. @dawn dunne: @realdonaldtrump @bretbaier watched got me pumped. .@bretbaier thank you for the very fair and highly professional segment on me tonight. many people watched and commented. @debraanngw: @bretbaier @realdonaldtrump i think he would make a great president but not really sure he ll run. thank you and watch! @jacksonholesue: the interview was compelling! i am convinced you are the right person for the job! i am behind you all the way! @6aa9ce3efe0c468: @realdonaldtrump @backontrackusa you should run mr.trump get this country back on track. @mulletgang2020: ok @realdonaldtrump i saw the interview on #foxnews i hope you run! @dtbeasley: @nashvillebiz @nshbizsichko @realdonaldtrump he also bought the beach property adjacent to mar-a-lago from jack massey. true! @keatsben: @realdonaldtrump president trump just sounds right! thanks! @gabriellebragg4: how do i find out where @realdonaldtrump is giving speeches at? because i really want to go to one. @markraymond: @realdonaldtrump you re the only person who could lead america and move our country forward! @gmcallahanjr: next great building in dc that should have the trump name in it! @realdonaldtrump #rundonaldrun cute. @jordanpolitics: could it be @hillaryclinton v @realdonaldtrump for potus? #hillary2016 #trump2016. @kbrocking: @realdonaldtrump you gotta run. i think you have what it takes to stop hillary!!! @anthonycl: .@realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! he s the only one who can run a successful business! @markraymond thanks mark they will! @autumnjuliaa: my goal in life is to master the idea of a balance sheet as flawlessly as @realdonaldtrump did at my age. @warrenmarcussen: @realdonaldtrump @kbrocking i love your show though donny i m a fuckung huge fan but our country is dieing! @tuckahoetommy: if @realdonaldtrump truly believes he could fix america and loves our country shouldn t he feel obligated to run? yes! @wiccanfoxglove: @realdonaldtrump will you run? can you get us out of the hole we are in? i want this nation to be strong & proud! @michaeljackson: #friendlyfriday michael jackson with donald trump. michael was very misunderstood - a great talent. @nickbeii: donald trump has my vote. signed and sealed. thanks! @sheriffclarke: with donald trump today after my nra-ila speech in nashville tn! david keep up the great work! @pctech181: for american prosperity now and for our children s children there is only one choice. donald trump for president 2016-24. heading to south carolina now - meeting with fantastic people! spoke to a capacity crowd at horry county republican event earlier today. thank you very much for the nice story i greatly appreciate it-. south carolina and the audience were great - thanks! without passion you don t have energy without energy you have nothing. nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion! @glfceo: the best #custserv in hospitality is at @realdonaldtrump s @trumpchicago hotel! just super! .@johnlegere t-mobile service is terrible! why can t you do something to improve it for your customers. i don t want it in my buildings. .@tmobile you service is absolutely terrible - get on the ball! @johnlegere. @realliamager: lrt: never thought i would agree with @realdonaldtrump on anything. @ee @tmobile @tmobileuk @johnlegere. @mrnicolasbell: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile @johnlegere @verizon is the best service provider. @naughtoriousbig: t mobile service sucks and it took a trump to call him out! @realdonaldtrump for president! @welovethedonald: donaldtrump you sure do look like a natural behind that podium! i can t wait to put my trump 2016 sign in my front yard! @thegurleygirl: your interview on fox news was great!we need you & the country knows you re the person who can save our country!#trump2016. @moeaa12: @johnlegere @tmobile then i hope your customer service ppl learn how to treat their customer and follow up with them to fix. @housecalls1228: @realdonaldtrump sure wish you d get off the pot and start pissing off this fed gov by running for pres.you ve got my vote. @saugat p: @realdonaldtrump speaks the truth. refreshing honesty. no politics bs. @cstace1: @realdonaldtrump has already won the election #trump2016. @toypilavzla: rt @mrnicolasbell: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile @johnlegere @verizon is the best service provider. @jamersonhayes: my man @realdonaldtrump is what a president should be. @ladyzales: you re the only one for the job! you never take any crap from anyone and that s the kind of president i want! #trump2016. @johnlegere: .@naughtoriousbig @realdonaldtrump u am sure dinald is proud to have your support are you drunk john? also t-mobile sucks! @mikeanddawnny: @johnlegere i m a tmobile customer 4 10yrs & dt is right. also he s presidential unlike joker in wh now & hillary the liar. thanks @jamersonhayes they are all total losers with nothing going for them! @lex shep: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile @johnlegere. why are you even using t mobile? i don t use t-mobile bad service! @cougartrace: @realdonaldtrump @johnlegere @naughtoriousbig mr. trump don t worry yourself with a 3rd rate wireless company. @dcfoodsafety: @realdonaldtrump @jamersonhayes agreed! haters! just because they won t ever have the half the intelligence of mr. trump! @jamersonhayes: just keep doing what you re doing a lot of americans believe in you you set the standard for what america was built upon. @rozanakabashi: @realdonaldtrump @johnlegere even though a costumer for so long their costumer service needs to be better. @chris r 2014: donald trump is the man to make this country great. obama administration is an embarasssmnet and a complete joke! @tica1975: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile tmobile sucks can t believe someone like you would promote such a shitty company. compassionless co. @chris r 2014: @wendypeters what i admire is that donald trump loves this country. he will put country over self and make america great. @elvinberndt: @realdonaldtrump @johnlegere guess @rootmetrics @jdpower had it right. @verizonwireless has the best wireless network. @mayrazayago: this is our favorite tower in chicago! we love it! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it! @jcpcond: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile @johnlegere t-mobile sucks! @mjpomor: @realdonaldtrump @mayrazayago this building is awesome. kind of neat if donald becomes either the potus or the vpotus. mk. @jacobsensusan: @realdonaldtrump love trump tower in chicago!! beautiful building!! @bkrafttt: my only goal in life is to be a successful man much like @realdonaldtrump. .@tmobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check. @tornadopain: @tmobilehelp just find @johnlegere s hissy fit with @realdonaldtrump ironic since yall have room to catch up. @saints 74: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile i agree it is the only phone company that doesn t give u service in central louisiana. @princessdaytura: @tmobile thank you for having the courage to speak out against corporate coruption much respect mr trump. #trump4prez. @philly phily: @realdonaldtrump @tmobile at&t is the best. @jackshallis: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president! @myintersperse: everyone including @johnlegere knows @tmobile sucks.. @realdonaldtrump - why don t you buy @tmobile & call it trumpmobile? @gingerxoxoxoxo: @realdonaldtrump: .@tmobile gives terrible service and has many complaints just check. @verizonwireless is the best. @backontrackusa:obama gave honor & praise to the deserter bergdahl but refuses the murdered foot hood victims military benefits : shameful. @danrebellato: . @tmobile i bet they try to ignore the many mocking remarks they receive and wrongly think it makes them look dignified. @kraftywurker: some democrats think rand paul is a threat wait until @realdonaldtrump gets cranked up. #trumpmeister. @kraftywurker: some think democrats think rand paul is a threat wait until @realdonaldtrump gets cranked up. #trumpmeister. @louisthexvi99: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to see you on cbs sunday morning! #comeflywithme #trump2016. @daviddepuma: @realdonaldtrump trump for prez! you have my vote mr trump!! #teamamerica. @bestbergerever: mr. @realdonaldtrump i agree: t-mobile stinks. just buy the company & turn it into trump-mobile! #trump4prez. @williamgardanis: working class democrats independents americans that never voted before to decide this election landslide mandate 4 djt. @blackandblondem: @realdonaldtrump for president 2016 & @sentedcruz for vp! no more career politicians. @impetrio1 & @blackandright. @terrileed: @daviddepuma: @realdonaldtrump trump for prez! you have my vote mr trump!! when is the announcement??? let s go! @wainainanjenga: @realdonaldtrump @jackshallis the best president for america ever. @bestbergerever: @realdonaldtrump hope you ll tell america you re running 4 prez soon! we need you in charge. #trump4prez. @downfallofusa: @realdonaldtrump when r people going 2 wake up & c that obama favors everyone but americans. obama is our worst enemy. @talkernewyorker: i say flag day perfect for an announcement of the presidential variety @realdonaldtrump my birthday interesting. @rosesroi: @foxnews. trump for president please! your interview on fox gave hope again for this country. will work on your campaign. @osorocks: after sitting in awful trafficno parking lots full we gave up on car show today! trump called it #javitzsucks #carshow. @realpro4real: vote for @realdonaldtrump & stop hillary! she is running for bill s 3rd term! @politico @gop @speakerboehner. @destiny 113: @johnlegere if @realdonaldtrump says your service is terrible it probably is. his hotels are the best impeccable service. @kenofdfl: @realpro4real @politico @gop @speakerboehner she s a dishonest and deceitful person. trump blows her outta the water! @208rocky: @realdonaldtrump announce your presidency. make america great again. stay tuned! @ sethmade: folks not aware that @realdonaldtrump could sneak up & be president in 2016. watch! @trainor chris: @realdonaldtrump behind you mr trump. she s a nightmare. @soyerjanis: @realdonaldtrump @boris3324 don t be so insecure because you know @hillaryclinton will lose against trump. @tracyholland1: when will you be declaring your candidacy for the 2016 race? can t wait to put your campaign yard sign in my lawn. .@t-mobile has so many service complaints - a total joke! @chris owens1213: i would love to see how upset @hillaryclinton would get if she were in a debate against @realdonaldtrump. @shannlyman: @realdonaldtrump the trump courses in scotland are the best in the world! fantastic few days playing them! thank you! @washpostjobs: who s excited for the hundreds of #jobs trump is bringing to dc by restoring the post office into his newest hotel? we are! @shanejoseph: can @realdonaldtrump please run for president just so i can watch him and @hilaryclinton debate. #goodtv. @sarzitron: the best part about @realdonaldtrump running for president will be @hillaryclinton losing. i hate her so much. @mrgamecock1: @sjketchen @realdonaldtrump @johnlegere well i would not take offense but find out what needs to be improved. everything! @knuckldraginsam: @realdonaldtrump @chris owens1213 @hillaryclinton yeah first question list your major accomplishments. #trump4prez. @garycassard: @washpostjobs: hundreds of #jobs trump is bringing to dc by restoring the post office. rain or shine trump delivers! @retume: i would vote @realdonaldtrump over @hillaryclinton. @mrmet41: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 he gets things done ! so true! @richardallen : it will be my first time voting and it would be an honor to vote for @realdonaldtrump america needs your leadership! @tam69sc: @realdonaldtrump waiting for you to tell us you are running for president so i can vote for you and rally others to do the same. @purplite: will it be @hilaryclinton against @realdonaldtrump ? come on donald everyone s waiting. @dcfoodsafety: i will not vote for a person that thinks that she does not have 2 follow same laws that i do. i know my vote #trump2016. @mkbeattie: @realdonaldtrump vs @hillaryclinton for the white house would make for awesome debates! a great @the masters. the course looks so beautiful. fantastic for golf and television ratings! @mkbeattie: @realdonaldtrump vs @hillaryclinton for the white house would make for awesome debates! i agree! @pete is king: @pica 59 @realdonaldtrump is he running? if he is @hillaryclinton might as well not even run. @gracemtroupe: @realdonaldtrump so can u run! please be our president. @mayrazayago: this is our favorite tower in chicago! we love it! we sit in front of it just to contemplate it! @pica 59: #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @jandnsmaman: @realdonaldtrump you should really run mr trump. republicans will need a strong candidate to beat hillary.#trump2016. @zdavis14: @realdonaldtrump for pres #2016. @iamgerg: @realdonaldtrump best looking building in chicago. @nilsson markus: @realdonaldtrump for president everybody knows it s the best thing for the country #gotrump@pica 59. @samcadora: take some of that passion and energy and run for president already.sweet jesus just run for president make america great again. @mallhayden11: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @blessisrael1948: @realdonaldtrump @mallhayden11 my trump is a patriot. @izzyirelandxxx: we need @realdonaldtrump as president. a great business man will get this country out of debt and back on it s feet. @mrmet41: @realdonaldtrump the donald #trumps all ! #trump2016. @carolled2001: @realdonaldtrump im so ready to have mr @realdonaldtrump for president please. @extra deep: hope @realdonaldtrump runs for president and fixes the mess obama made. @burger meister: #whyimnotvotingforhillary because i ll be voting for @realdonaldtrump. @calebrapoport: @realdonaldtrump for president 2061! @clintoniyh: if the republicans are serious about stopping hillary... they really need to nominate @realdonaldtrump i agree! @piratelover22: @realdonaldtrump not to mention your wife will show this planet what a first lady is! #class #style so true! @jamison1013gma1: @realdonaldtrump @burger meister i pray that the good lord will give you the strength to run mr. trump thank you. @doug3p0: look don t be a fool. vote for the right guy. vote for @realdonaldtrump. wow mitt romney didn t know that rand paul was in the race for president. very strange! @foxnews. @scillierijr: @alexskoog @realdonaldtrump if he can run america like he runs a business he d be a good president you mean great. @davecc1109: @realdonaldtrump mitt romney didn t even know he was running for potus. so true! @slumpcityusa: i bet my mother @realdonaldtrump would be running for president this year... let s see!!! #trump2016 watch. @josh leonard99: if america was as successful and planned like @realdonaldtrump we would be in good shape. @thebingle:only reason donaldtrump would run for president is his love for country.he has everything already & doesn t need aggravation. @gkohlschmidt: @slumpcityusa run donald run!!! we are sick of stupid politicians who don t know how to run anything except a campaign! @pzfeed: the glitziest jet in the sky. donald spent 100 million on his boeing 757. video:. how do third rate talents with no smarts like @ron fournier get so much time on television news. boring guy - really bad for ratings! @pare900: @realdonaldtrump hillary must not win.. these other republican candidates are nothing. you are the real deal. @10thurst: @realdonaldtrump we need you as our president. will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning - enjoy! @tshakro: @realdonaldtrump should run for president! i rather have a smart businessman that gets shit done then reelecting a politician. @masterbaxter8: we are all hungry for a trump candidacy. hillary announcement was expected. let s show her the competition! #trump2016. @mcinnis11: @realdonaldtrump saying he d use his own money to run for president is reason enough to vote for him. @masterbaxter8: how can i help with your campaign. whatever puts you in office is what needs to be done. road to the wh ends with trump! @shavaju: @sternshow please do another @realdonaldtrump interview. come on now it s been long since you had him on your show. can t wait. @aplemonlemon: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump that s why we need you mr. trump! you re on the polls so it s time you get moving! @mrsschiff2010: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends another great monday with you on! #makeamericagreatwithtrump. @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump @tshakro yes yes yes i m so sick of lying politicians. @foxandfriends: .@realdonaldtrump on president obama s statements in panama: our country is going to hell...under his leadership. @mrmet41: @rosannascotto @hillaryclinton @realdonaldtrump the donald gets things done #trump2016. @doctor platek: @realdonaldtrump you said it best: let s make america great again #trump2016. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump cant believe ted cruz stole your campaign slogan. only you can really make america great again #trump2016. @j feeds03: even if @realdonaldtrump doesn t run for the gop i m writing him in on my ballet. #trump2016. @bobbylcarrier north charleston sc we are glad to have donald trump onsite at leeds park. #realdonaldtrump #chs @bobcaldwellchs. entrepreneurs: resolve to be bigger than your problems. who s the boss? don t negate your own power. entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations everyone wins. this is a possibility and it s the ideal situation to strive for. entrepreneurs: don t be confined by expectations. there are no exact rules for negotiation--try to remain flexible and open to new ideas. @villesportslaw: @tmobile - been all over ky today. never more than 1 mile from major interstates. 13 dropped calls. donaldtrump was right. @cathyfuregno: mr. trump it is time to be serious and run for president. bring america back to its greatness with dignity i feel you have. @lhcam: this country desperately needs accountability. @realdonaldtrump in #2016. marco rubio should pick a location that has working air conditioning next time - especially when in miami - proper plan. sweating profusely! @calebrapoport: @realdonaldtrump in 2016! this country can t wait any longer. @scook5656: @realdonaldtrump we need trump for president! i agree! @chris r 2014: @wendypeters america desperately needs leadership & values. obama is a disgrace. we need a winner and that is trump. @morangary61: @realdonaldtrump we need one smart president.. trump#. @wildcatthad @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump i disagree only because trump in vegas was amazing! @trumplasvegas. @mikey likes lt @sovadjeast @realdonaldtrump @trumpferrypoint @uagolf i can t wait to play this course with my dad great--enjoy! see the amazing views from @trumpgolfla located directly on the pacific ocean-. @elizawindso: @bretbaier donaldtrump only one who ever took on the macdaddy. looks like only one to fight hillary. even in her own party. @hdrenovate: @realdonaldtrump d.t. for president! !! @dashing1995: you ve said mexico is not a friend. i agree. usa faces mexico tomorrow in soccer. @ussoccer could use a shout out from you. @jeffreykid44: @realdonaldtrump @trumpgolfla u rock don. @elizawindso: @bretbaier @realdonaldtrump his biggest asset is that he isn t a professional liar like the rest of them. @pare900: @hajmaja @realdonaldtrump trump wants low taxes strong defense and jobs . trump is good at creating jobs. @anjirabadi: @trumpchicago i ll be staying here next weekend! can t wait! @realdonaldtrump @deejaynik @sophiegonerogue #trumplife #cantwait. @bwanawoman: @kwrcrow @realdonaldtrump ikr. he b slumming it big time! white house will need lots of upgrades. just like our country. @mrmet41: @bonn66 @realdonaldtrump @rosannascotto #mrtrump isn t my guy he is america s guy ! #trump2016 so nice thanks! @likewhoa134: i just hope @realdonaldtrump is our next president make america great again! @michaelentrekin: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump best day ever? i d say yes. #trump2016. @wingsunchained: @realdonaldtrump is not a professional liar like politicians. i was watching cruz but donald also has my attention now. @m a w @realdonaldtrump from my #european point of view#usa needs a president like you to get a lot of things right. #trump2016. @daytonkreb @realdonaldtrump come on donald #america needs you #captainamerica #trump2016. the great @marianorivera in my office with my son @erictrump-. @topsurveys @realdonaldtrump @marianorivera @erictrump such a class act..i adore that man and all he stands for...a classy trio. @thutchy5 @realdonaldtrump politicians talk the talk but this man walks the walk. #trump2016. @ericschiffer a talented family led by the best. @donaldjtrumpjr @erictrump @ivankatrump thanks eric so nice. today is april 15th obamas favorite day of the year. t-e-a. taxed enough already! via @kcautv: donald trump coming to sioux city in may. part 1 of my @specialreport int. with @bretbaier discussing why i am strongly considering running for president. via @postandcourier by @skropf47: donald trump: dont politicize walter scott shooting. had a great time in myrtle beach and charleston this past saturday and monday. looking forward to going back soon. @neilecollins: @realdonaldtrump if you run in 2016 how can we be of help. @isellbesthomes: @realdonaldtrump we need you to run for president and fix these problems you can do this!! @josephschleider: @realdonaldtrump good interview on fox news radio. you are my preferred candidate for the usa presidency @alancolmes. @queenbarbie69: @realdonaldtrump. i believe in you. go for it. @erotao: @realdonaldtrump time for an entrepreneur president not one of these insipid morons that have never made a payroll..... @jaketiger25: @daveajstearns @djred678 forget both of them. let s hear it for ma man @realdonaldtrump. @chip0tle : @stoic123 @realdonaldtrump @m a w politicians know how to become president. businessmen know how to be president. @nyamdavaaj: you better run in 2016 for president and fix these problemsyou can do this donald!!! #2016 #president right @ivankatrump? @nicolas toscano: booked a corner suite at @trumplasvegas with @miketokes for memorial day weekend sure knows how to make a nice hotel! @theqtan: @realdonaldtrump please run for president! the country needs you! #trump2016. @garretdl: please run for pres mr @realdonaldtrump. @therightnewz: i m looking at it extremely seriously : donald trump talks about a 2016 presidential run video. @saralevenson: if you re interested in balancing work and pleasure stop! instead make your work more pleasurable - @realdonaldtrump. @bethandersonesq: i watched your interview on neil cavuto today. your fiscal policy as president would be better than anyone s! go mr.trump. @charlieg dc: rt @realdonaldtrump: success requires 100 effort and 100 focus. nothing less. @bourbon brain: @realdonaldtrump has accomplished more in his career than any other candidate has promised in theirs. #nhpolitics. @mirandamattos1: @realdonaldtrump @marianorivera @erictrump. @aleksmm: i have a lawsuit in mexicos corrupt court system that i won but so far cant collect. dont do business with mexico! @caitlynharman: melania would make a fantastic first lady she has the charm that reminds me of classy jackie o #trump2016 @melaniatrump. @lkoja: @realdonaldtrump is a true leader we need for this country ... #trump2016. @dinamico 7: part 1 of my @specialreport int. with @bretbaier discussing why i am strongly considering running for president.. @bestphotosever: i hope you ll announce you re running for president soon. america needs a smart leader w true love for country like you. @helpfulcook: @realdonaldtrump let s get #trump2016 trending like crazy!!! @m foresta: @realdonaldtrump i d think you make a great president but i would really miss #theapprentice. been a fan since the beginning. @younggbon: i would easily vote for @realdonaldtrump if he ran for president. @rickyricardo223: @realdonaldtrump would pick the strongest cabinet in history if he was president. true! @calicombo: @realdonaldtrump @aleksmm ford is building a factory in mexico. should be in u.s. @the jeffryes: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president my pride as an american will never be stronger. #trumpforpresident #trump2016. @thislsamazing: donald trump and mike tyson. @newsmax media: donald trump: i would simplify tax code as president. @cnbc: 5 family values donald trump used to build his empire op-ed. @michaeljacks ag: friendly friday: michael jackson with donald trump. #michael. looking forward to speaking at the @nhgop #fitn republican leadership summit on saturday at 12pm! lets make america great again! the top course on the west coast @trumpgolfla overlooks pacific ocean & offers a luxurious public golf experience. we have a sacred duty to care for our vets and their families. our vets are owed full access to healthcare anytime & anywhere! our border is being breached daily by criminals. we must build a wall & deduct costs from mexican foreign aid! via @reuters: donald trump takes steps toward 2016 presidential run. if your actions inspire others to dream more learn more do more and become more you are a leader. john quincy adams. #tbt trump and gekko-. my @teamcavuto int. on simplifying the tax code our incompetent leaders iran and making america great again. update: trump plans public event at @wartburgcollege via @wcfcourier:. via @businessinsider by @hunterw: trump: i m going to surprise a lot of people in 2016. rodolfo rosas moya and his pals in mexico owe me a lot of money. disgusting & slow mexico court system. mexico is not a u.s. friend. mexicos court system is a dishonest joke. i am owed a lot of money & nothing happens. with our brand new tennis performance center @trumpgolfdc offers countless activities along with top courses. via @walidshoebat: watch donald trump: he is patriotic and he can fix america. others claim they can make america great again but only one knows the art of the deal. its time for an outsider. america will never be destroyed from the outside.if we falter and lose our freedomsit will be because we destroyed ourselves. a. lincoln. jeb bush - i am a conservative barack obama -if you like your healthcare plan you can keep your plan. .kimguilfoyle - great job tonight! @kenuckio: @realdonaldtrump and we will call it trump wall fine with me! @4kmiddlebrook: @realdonaldtrump #wakeupamerica donald s policies are the real game plan to #win he s also the only 1 to beat #hillary. @john siracusa: great hearing you @realdonaldtrump speak with #donimus on @theimusshow this am. you enhance the dialogue on all programs. @l3nny85: perhaps it s time we bring back the #american #empire mista trump @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @joequinn6: @realdonaldtrump america needs your leadership. please run for president. @jetranger69: #donaldjtrump @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. great seeing @marianorivera w @realdonaldtrump at @trumptowerny for @erictrumpfdn! @samrator: i must b out of touch- @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump & @scottwalker r my top picks for @gop presidential pick! #teaparty. @backontrackusa: the best thing about you becoming president would be getting to see you tell all of obama s lackeys you re fired! @idiotninja24: @trumpvancouver @realdonaldtrump i see you.... looking good! #vancouver. @younggbon: i would easily vote for @realdonaldtrump if he ran for president. @m foresta: @realdonaldtrump i d think you make a great president but i would really miss #theapprentice. been a fan since the beginning. @lexie chadss: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @kakatshozi: ivanka trump would be the cutest first daughter in us history if donaldtrump became president! elegantclassy and adorable. @grizzlybear9062: donaldtrump @l3nny85 please run mr.trump the u.s . been going downhill since 9 11 we can be great again please be 100 in. @bryt1330: i get into so many arguments over #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump but i think he could actually change this county for the better. @paloeza: @realdonaldtrump america needs you. #trumpforpresident. @bridgetmarie89: out of all the politicians in washington not one can #savesaeed imprisoned and tortured in #iran for being a christian. @dennismurino: @realdonaldtrump every americans dream #trump2016. the republicans are funding obamacare and amnesty. obama beats them. isis is operating a training camp 8 miles outside our southern border we need a wall. deduct costs from mexico! my @foxbusiness int. w don imus on not drinking alcohol politicians being all talk and no action & the border. via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1: exclusive: trump says obama shows total desperation on iran. for america to be strong again the ways of politicians must be put in the past. lets make america great again! looking forward to speaking at 1:30pm tomorrow in nashua at @nhgop @fitnsummit!. let s make america great again! #fitn. .@bretbaier why do you have george will on your show - he s exhausted boring and not even a little relevant! waste of good air-time! @bretbaier: don t miss the 2nd half of my interview with @realdonaldtrump over on the blog: #fnpolitics. @cnbc: 5 family values donald trump used to build his empire. i do what i do out of pure enjoyment. hopefully nobody does it better. theres a beauty to making a great deal. it s my canvas. @ccrealty2: friendship can be really tested only in bad times donald trump #quotes #realestate #homes #blog #buyingtips. @mleitzmann: one of the 1st & best sites when 1st coming to the us @trumptowerny inspiration @realdonaldtrump. @lmp999: @realdonaldtrump george will you retire please. @antonio annesi: @realdonaldtrump run for president please! #trump2016. @bretbaier: tonight on the #specialreport panel we have @georgewillf @ron fournier and @jonahnro. what a group of losers on your panel! .@georgewillf is perhaps the most boring political pundit on television. got thrown off abc like a dog. at mar-a-lago he was a total bust! @bizmotivationtv: go to work be smart think positively and win! @realdonaldtrump #quote. @so jason19: @realdonaldtrump @georgewillf trump for president.george will doesn t know business or what this young generation cares about. @dmanhomee: i support donaldtrump 100 for 2016! he is the only candidate that will return this country to the great country it once was! @drhardick: .@realdonaldtrump @mleitzmann @trumptowerny love love love that wall. memories forever! #architecture #nyc. @sebastian rey10: @cnbc: ford is planning a 2500000000 investment @realdonaldtrump in mexico!!!! the u.s. is getting killed! @realjesus33: hey @espn call @realdonaldtrump to handle your @brittmchenry situation. #firebrittmchenry to harsh. @jjblasvegas: @realdonaldtrump one word to describe @jordanspieth donald? quality! for all of the haters and losers out there sorry i never went bankrupt -- but i did build a world class company and employ many people! @freedomspatriot: @p4tr10tboo @souperfan2012 @souperfan2013 @wolfman708 @dryheat115 mr. @realdonaldtrump made & impression. just returned from new hampshire where the crowd was great-and got a beautiful standing ovation! wonderful people who truly love the u.s.a. @ltodd14: @realdonaldtrump when are you announcing? @magicman121: @realdonaldtrump mr.trump are u going to run for 2016 presidency?. i hope so..! @rm mmbtugirl: @realdonaldtrump isn t it refreshing?! there s hope. keep up the good work. @susanhoffman24: @realdonaldtrump obviously!! #weneedyou #trump2016. @dnorrell: @stephenfhayes reform dc? haha joke. only one close 2 being able to do that is trump. @realdonaldtrump. @meltsch: @realdonaldtrump good make a decision are you running or not we want you but only you know if you want us . watch. @landotalley50: @realdonaldtrump answer the calljust do itamerica needs yourun!!!! stay tuned! @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump they loved you there #nhfortrump #trump2016 thanks! @boyernick15: @realdonaldtrump 2016 will hopefully be the year of the donald! thanks. @seddhmb: @realdonaldtrump i believe you have been called to take us to another level of prosperity and bring the american dream back! @stephenfhayes: trump on others who have spoken to #fitn in new hampshire: with all the people you re listening to you can forget it. @stephenfhayes: trump: i have made a fortune against china.i know all of the killers on wall street. trump v china? china has no chance! @tavbta: thank you!! @realdonaldtrump really amazing. @thebillyrobbins: @realdonaldtrump run donald run....donald trump 2016. @bella270012:donaldtrump the next man in office is going to have one heck of a mess to clean up..i think you re the only one who can do it. @kingkript: @realdonaldtrump @stephenfhayes trump for president. @darbywelch: @realdonaldtrump #donaldtrump2016. @s c mclane: @realdonaldtrump i would vote an infinite number of times for my man trump! #trump2016. @bluebirdiefly3: @realdonaldtrump i d vote for you. i always felt you should run. @harperarchitect: @realdonaldtrump good talk watched on c-span intelligence. thanks. @bigbillyp1970: yes-yes-yes @realdonaldtrump 2016-2016-2016. @jaazee1: @realdonaldtrump my family was so damn excited when you seemed serious about the presidency. in past. @hillarysusans: @realdonaldtrump you rocked both events. the @washingtonpost knows it too!! thank you for a great brunch and a great talk!! @alfredoeortega: outstanding speech at the republican leadership summit mr. @realdonaldtrump thank you. @michael haz: watched replay of d.t. speaking in nashua today. he was dead on the mark in terms of creating jobs managing foreign policy. @littlevd23: @realdonaldtrump like the nike ad says mr.trump just do it! run for president and give america what it needs..a true leader! @alex boxwell: just announce already @realdonaldtrump stay tuned. @caudillash: @realdonaldtrump hurry up and announce that you re running already! #2016. @harvardlaw99: @realdonaldtrump @caudillash announce you re running when you re comfortable with the timing. great. @popularposters: our country needs a president that knows how to protect our constitution and a president that leads speaks the truth. @charlesfowler: we need a broader field and candidates who are not professional politicians you would be a breath of fresh air #gop. @mjvictory: hi dt! i heard you on imus & you spoke w clarity & purpose. you re right it s not a game it s dire straits. please run! @popularposters: @realdonaldtrump you are the only man running for president that knows how to handle the job. @drvanderbloomen: @realdonaldtrump --you may be our last hope....................... @jsongseeker: @realdonaldtrump please run mr trump. @benjaminsakhai: @realdonaldtrump big changes in 2016? you better be running for presidency! #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @cityblindsmib: @realdonaldtrump with mr trump as top man in the world everyone would shake hands and listen to the man!! true leadership. @charlesfowler: @realdonaldtrump brings great debate and ideas to the #gop campaign run donald run!!! @jwysocki91: @realdonaldtrump i just finished time to get tough. great read! #trump2016 thank you. @hillarysusans: we have a great field of diverse candidates for @gop. media needs to stop discounting @realdonaldtrump he rocked #fitn. @discjocke52: if the 2016 #gop presidential field is so deep why is donaldtrump beating so many of their stars ? @hillarysusans: @daveyhubb donaldtrump @gop he s very easy to relate to in person. if he takes the grass roots route he has a great chance. @gochico: @realdonaldtrump @hillarysusans @gop i don t think they are discounting trump. he hasn t said if he is running yet. @wewantmitt2016: w finance &#negotiation skills like no one elsetrump would restore credibility to the presidency. @hmackie11: @realdonaldtrump melania as first lady.. she ll go down in history as the most gorgeous first lady ever true! @tfalomir: mr @realdonaldtrump you are an example of how to do what he wants. thank you. @agpt73: @realdonaldtrump his books have helped me become who i am today. great. @redzuanrasul: @realdonaldtrump inspired others to dream more learn more do more and become more you always are the leader. nice. @toddriddolls: @realdonaldtrump i believe if you run you would win hands down! .... but the expectations of you would be enormous. @kgregoryy: @realdonaldtrump are you ever going to announce your bid or is this a 2012 replay? big fan but tired of waiting. stay tuned! @hillarysusans: @daveyh @realdonaldtrump way more substance than you know. best negotiator in the world. iran wouldn t get nukes for sure. @andrewvaccari: @realdonaldtrump you are an inspiration! best wishes from across the pond! thanks. @lizboyle98: i think @realdonaldtrump would be a perfect president of our country if he just made sure to pay attention to the middle class. @amir ibrahim26: @realdonaldtrump i think u should run for president all small business here in memphis the closing down because of tax. @jetranger69: @trumpchicago @realdonaldtrump #masterpiece #chicago. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 30 minutes. some very interesting topics. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends always watch mr trump keep speaking the truth! let s get our america back! you will do it! god bless!! @000hermansjr000: you always do a #fantastic job @realdonaldtrump. you are indeed a #businessman & #magnate to #emulate. @kenbu1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends please run for president @realdonaldtrump. @hitwit subroto: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends and i will be watching with great interest. @doctor platek: come june july @realdonaldtrump will take the first step in the process of making america great again! #trump2016. @robertpatrickmc: you should declare you candidacy on #gdny with @rosannascotto and @gregkellyfox5 and just go all out campaigning. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends as always great job mr trump!! truth we all need to hear it! you gave us hope!! we need it now!! @moose taz: @foxandfriends thinking @realdonaldtrump might be what this country needs a change from career politicians. @ddobbs5253: @realdonaldtrump our country needs you to run for president and save our country. make us great again!!!! @dryan5962: when we need hope @realdonaldtrump is just the person there to give it...#trump2016 @foxandfriends true! @sven945: .@realdonaldtrump forget running for president why don t you run to be an mp here in scotland! @benjaminhowling: donald our prince! daniel 12:1 don would rather someone else stand up for our people but they will not so he will. so much dishonest reporting or non-reporting in political mediaan amazing experience for me. @bretbaier. how does failed writer and pundit like @stephenfhayes with no success and little talent get away with criticizing candidates. thank you @jeffjlpa1 and @amspec for the wonderful and very true article total desperation on iran. .@weeklystandard i know your business is failing but you should try to get writers far better than @stephenfhayes. congratulations to @trumpwaikiki for being selected as best of vip access 2014 by @expedia! congratulations to @trumpsoho for once again receiving the aaa five diamond award for another year! @scottudine @realdonaldtrump @trumpsoho terrific hotel and amazing staff!!! the best by far in nyc.... thanks. @skyglideusa one of the most elegant and amazing hotels in vegas. #thetrump hotel. our company loved it there.@realdonaldtrump thank you. trump national golf club los angeles will be the host in october for the @pgagrandslam. @alexseeley73 @trumpsoho just leaving after 4 days and i must say it was amazing. thank u for your attention to details. great thank you. we are getting ready to protect saudi arabia against iran & others-sending ships. how much are they going to pay us toward this protection. we are stupidly paying iran billions of dollars that we should not be paying. why isn t this part of the nuclear negotiations? really dumb! @ali khalil7: @realdonaldtrump we need you as president mr.trump a leader that knows what to do! agree. @scapesrus: @realdonaldtrump tell um to get out the check book donald. @scapesrus: @realdonaldtrump tell um to get out the check book donald believe me i would! @woody021072: @realdonaldtrump nothing as they always do. @jwt19723: @realdonaldtrump you need to run for president. @suttera2: @realdonaldtrump they ll repay us by giving us higher gas prices! true! as i have long been saying south africa is a total - and very dangerous - mess. just watch the evening news when not talking weather . jonah goldberg @jonahnro of the once great @nro #national review is truly dumb as a rock. why does @bretbaier put this dummy on his show? .@megynkelly sorry there was only one breakout star this weekend in new hampshire. just check out the local new hampshire media! national review @nro may be going out of business because of the really pathetic job being done by @jonahnro. no talent means death - sad! @eastonwestwood: it s pathetic for @jonahnro & @stephenfhayes to bash @realdonaldtrump as non-serious! talkers bashing a successful doer! @slider6294: @realdonaldtrump @nro @jonahnro it has cratered since wfb passed away. so true wfb is spinning in his grave! jonah killed it. @brooke burton : @realdonaldtrump why don t you just run for president?! you would have my vote!! @rennie022164: @eastonwestwood @jonahnro @stephenfhayes i m thinking a businessman like trump is the only one who can fix this mess! true! @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump i spoke to my cousins in nh they said their whole town is talking about your great speech #trump2016 thanks. @ronbrown1970: @realdonaldtrump @eastonwestwood @jonahnro @stephenfhayes i model my management by mr trump. consistent is everything. @slider6294:@nro @jonahnro to be fair impossible to fill those shoes. but consistent conservative principles would be a start! i agree! @1smltwngrl: @realdonaldtrump make some heads roll. run for president dammit! .@stephenfhayes: i heard you were a joke on the media panel this weekend in new hampshire. you just don t have what it takes! @joenbc. @dalasner: ed schultz just extolled your business savvy maybe there is hope for msnbc! be careful if sharpton endorses you boss! @itoldyoumonsoon: @realdonaldtrump @jonahnro @nro @bretbaier why does @greta put you on hers? because i get great ratings-and other reasons. @dalasner: @realdonaldtrump i am honored if you are in i am leaving being a furniture magnate and all in campaigning for the best. @msjackiewow: @realdonaldtrump nobody trumps trump when it comes to tweets...holy sh@t ur the tweet master...great job. via @thehill by @henschonthehill: trump: i m disappointed in many republicans. glad to see that @peterose 14 has been hired by @foxsports as an analyst. pete should be around baseball and in the hall of fame! .@danaperino wrote a wonderful book and the good news is.. dana has a fabulous perspective on life & politicsgo get it! wow really nice and unexpected from ed schultz. thank you ed! @edshow. i guess @edshow is a lot smarter than dopes like @jonahnro & @stephenfhayes. oh well both mags are dying anyway. via interview with donald trump about presidential aspirations: it s all a deal. wow hillary and bill are in deep trouble but dont worry my fellow republicans will let them off the hook. all talk no action. icymi my speech from this past saturday at the @nhgop @fitnsummit via @cspan. via @concordnhpatch by @politizine: trump: we ll make america great again. @ronniewnichol just viewed the video of the changes to @turnberrybuzz. an already stunning course will now be even more spectacular. government can be efficient with the right leadership. lets make america great again. republicans have once again capitulated to obama. this time on the iran nuclear treaty. when will it end? #trumpvlog trouble in paradise for clintons-. when you can t make them see the light make them feel the heat. ronald reagan. .@jonahnro you stated that i started relentlessly tweeting like a 14-year-old girl... horrible insult to women. resign now or later! people have been forced to resign positions for far less than @jonahnros tweeting like a 14 year old girl. with a stupid guy like jonah goldberg who uses tweeting like a 14 year old girl to hit me no wonder the nro is doing so poorly. @jonahnro. im a conservative but the weakness of conservatives is that they destroy each other whereas liberals unite to win. the reason ed schultz said nice things about me is that im the only repub who won t cut social security etc. ill make america rich again! @smxtty : donald trump would be the greatest president thank you. @scapesrus: @realdonaldtrump @smxtty u would make a damn good one. @themightylayman: dear @realdonaldtrump: you are the most admired man in the world and everybody hopes you run for president. @faktmeister: u r 1000 correct politicians can t fix problems politicians made. the executive branch needs a real chief executive. run! @johnmarkowitz: @realdonaldtrump you are damn good. @olivianuzzi: @realdonaldtrump you are amazing. @sam tucker17: you would be the best president. you re political critiques are always on the money. you are way better than hillary! @mr president706: @realdonaldtrump please run for president and show these so called republicans how to get the job done. @stevesgoddard: @smxtty it would be very frightening to have president who has actually accomplished something during their life. @wsgbeme: @realdonaldtrump i m with these great people mr trump. please run for president. we need a completely new direction. #trump2016. @y2ej72: @realdonaldtrump #votefortrump. @andrewwilkie85: @realdonaldtrump @smxtty i think that you would be as good as reagan. please run!!! .@nro @jonahnro wow just looked at the stats for national review. dying fast doing very little business. save this conservative voice! @rickyricardo722: @realdonaldtrump i d work like a dog to help trump get elected no politician can fix the mess in washington. #trump2016. @thehill: trump: if i decide to run and win i will make this country great again #fitn. @hillarysusans: getting ready for next week with @realdonaldtrump on monday. @nhgop @foxnews. .@jonahnro you should be totally focused on trying to save the badly failing national review instead of focusing on me. work hard! @nro. ailsa course changes: #trumpturnberry what a beautiful place! #makeamericagreatagain. looking forward to keynoting @chesterfieldgop lincoln-reagan gala this friday at the country club at the highlands. sold out record crowd! via @golfmonthly by @jake0reilly: trump to build five new holes at @turnberrybuzz. via @kingwoodnews by @jayrjordan:: @txpatriotspac gives public a chance to hear trump speak. @rwerhle: @jonahnro @realdonaldtrump @nro he s a brilliant businessman - very true! i m getting the commandant s leadership award from the u.s.marines tonight at the waldorf astoria - a great honor! @bretbaier. congratulations to the republicans in congress. you are the only people obama can out negotiate. #timetogettough. @warrencasselljr: just saw trump s new video. #makeamericagreatagain @realdonaldtrump 2016 will be interesting. watch all! @bretbaier. @bane1349: @realdonaldtrump can t wait til you enter the race mr. trump. wait till the fall after the others have beaten themselves up. @ellemae63: @realdonaldtrump no surprise! you are the man! thank you! @rdvarley: @realdonaldtrump @bretbaier congratulations. you area true patriot! @chriscjackson: @realdonaldtrump your book opened my eyes. i stand with sr. trump! america needs you to run! i want to negotiate my own and much better trade deals for our country. must include currency manipulation and more . do not let pass! no amnesty. protect the rule of law! lets make america great again. the trans-pacific partnership is an attack on america s business. it does not stop japan s currency manipulation. this is a bad deal. republicans should not be giving obama fast track authority on trade. the trans-pacific partnership will squeeze our manufacturing sector. the trans-pacific partnership will lead to even greater unemployment. do not pass it. china has a backdoor into the trans-pacific partnership. this deal does not address currency manipulation. china is laughing at us. what counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it s the size of the fight in the dog. - dwight d. eisenhower. @politicalhit: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for your official announcement that you are running #potus2016 go trump go. @bestphotosever: you need to run for pres. you would restore greatness to america and have the ability to make a difference. #trump2016. @ianarnold: so @realdonaldtrump has an amazing hotel here in vegas. blessed to stay here. @hep102309: we need a real man in washington with real policies and a firm grip on foreign issues. please restore america#trump2016. @ex369ppd thank you! @lorry bennetti: @realdonaldtrump china has been laughing at the wrld for a long time & will continue to do so! @soarmich: @realdonaldtrump @ex369ppd people can say what they want about donald but he is trustworthy #truth thank you. do you notice that the polling establishment doesn t put me in polls but put in folks who hardly register. make america great again! @bigbrett45: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump your the man!! please run we need you!! watch. @usuallybogey: without @realdonaldtrump we will be stuck with hilary clinton. #trump2016 i agree. @beauty dhope: @realdonaldtrump you would be phenomenal in officei am truly a big fan of what you stand for. thank you. @rightjj : should definitely include you in the polls! why exclude someone with real life experiences in running things successfully? @rightjj: @realdonaldtrump: i ve to say that you re making sense in a lot of things especially on china! nobody else dares to raise it! @antonio annesi: @realdonaldtrump no doubt you would fix our country if you ran for president..do us all a favor please! #trump2016. @necprof: @newengcollege is excited to host donaldtrump for a town hall meeting on monday at 3 pm. #fitn #nhpolitics. @amoakabr: donaldtrump this country needs you to run... need to teach people what the american dream is again! ronald reagan reincarnated! .@forbesinspector 5 star & @tripadvisor #1 luxury hotel @trumptoronto offers style luxury & impeccable service. .@geraldorivera thanks my champion geraldo--and very true. trump signs lease for a nh office returns monday via @unionleader by @tuohy. excited to be travelling to new hampshire on monday. the granite state is a model for the country. live free or die! via @thehill by @henschonthehill: trump says us roads are falling apart. via @baltimoresun by @erinatthesun: maryland gop book trump for major fundraiser. fact while jeb was governor & rubio was house majority leader floridas debt more than doubled. conservatives? why are the republicans giving obama fast track authority for tpp and the iran agreement?! obama gets more from the gop than his own party. @twincity1982 @realdonaldtrump please run for president sir- america needs your leadership !! it is time for dc to protect the american worker not grant amnesty to illegals. lets make america great again! talent wins games but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. michael jordan @jumpman23. #tbt with steven spielberg in the old days- a great guy! @sragens: @realdonaldtrump on my 2nd trip to chicago love your sign on trump towers!! @apageor2 very good must be tough! @ap politics: campaigning in new hampshire hillary clinton says the us economy has stalled out. @jarrettmkorn: all faith in the world that @realdonaldtrump is the answer for america come 2016 is a new beginning! #donaldtrump2016. @barbie brooks: an entrepreneurs ability to find strength when others want to run hide quit... @realdonaldtrump. @billymoeder: @realdonaldtrump is the only man who can get the job done in the oval office #trump2016 i agree thanks. @hansel amarilla: as long as youre going to be thinking anyway think big. donald trump the trump organization president. @jeremymanning36: @realdonaldtrump when do i get my #trumpforpresident #trump2016 #presskit #yardsigns cute stay tuned. @hargraveglobal: the world needs a leader like @realdonaldtrump ! thanks. @maxmacgruder: the man who would ve kept us right years ago the man who will put us right in the future. the only real choice. #trump2016. .@johnhawkinsrwn great speaking to you today we will speak again soon. @la loquita: @realdonaldtrump working hard daily and waiting for when you announce that you re going to make a run to rescue our country!! @thealexanderw :i think your sign would look just as good on the white house as it does on trump chicago. #trump2016. @rmutt 17: @realdonaldtrump @la loquita all we need is trump to fix the cuntry!! #trumpisawesome #trumpcard #capitalism. @dcfoodsafety: @realdonaldtrump your new dc hotel sign should say future hotel of our next president! #trump2016. @daveyhubb: @realdonaldtrump @la loquita rescue our country. @chadweiske: @realdonaldtrump #4prez. @thembazoko1: @realdonaldtrump: get commandant s leadership award from the u.s.marines yesterday at the waldorf astoria - a great honor! @futuristichub: @realdonaldtrump donald trump for president of the united states! make it happen! @britanniagolf love the proposed changes for trump turnberry s ailsa course @realdonaldtrump thanks. it will be fantastic! a beautiful article by @ivankatrump on my newly opened golf course in nyc trump links ferry point. congrats to great golfer @frostpga on his big win last week. always been best putter. frost wins for trump. looking forward to giving keynote speech tonight @chesterfieldgop lincoln-reagan dinner in virginia. @ccarlen @realdonaldtrump get that exploratory committee to get some bumper stickers out to me! so nice thank you. #trumpadvice. @andrepretorius: @realdonaldtrump i am #southafrican and i can say you are 100 correct. lately we are starting to live in fear. #notgood. @pga com: check out this amazing video of donaldtrump s proposed changes to turnberry:. @hurry2live: #37years @realdonaldtrump finished building of 68-story skyscraper trump tower in new york. more facts in @hurry2live app. how do you take care of our people if you don t make anything? we don t make anything. we are rapidly losing our manufacturing to china etc. congratulations to @danaperino on your book going to number one on amazon. great book - great job! @jamesdriscolli: awesome entrepreneurial advice from @realdonaldtrump #trumpadvice. that s how greats are made. @316place: @realdonaldtrump @pga com changes at turnberry makes me want to learn golf. beautiful! thank you it will be even more amazing! .@waynedupreeshow a fantastic guy! @wewantmitt2016: the last person a foreign leader would want to sit across the negotiating table from. good for us. #makeamericagreatagain. @pcs1776: @realdonaldtrump ---- the thinking man s chris christie. tells it truly. run. win. @patriotress: @realdonaldtrump @316place @pga com #trump2016. @futuristicufo: are you like another ross perot? @realdonaldtrump @cnn bigger better stronger and richer! @jgibson271985: @realdonaldtrump @tsrowan i will give you that. brilliant buildings in the trump empire. thank you! @bean1227: @realdonaldtrump when are you announcing run #presidenttrump !? stay tuned! .@nro not much is as dead or irrelevant as national review thanks to guidance of goldberg a total loser! get some real talent or fold! @littlevd23: @realdonaldtrump @tsrowan the word spectacular magnificent and amazing describe anything mr.trump puts his name on! @injebbin: driving thru major world cities & seeing ur name as a brand on spectacular buildings! trump won in life. @doreenhunns: @realdonaldtrump we need you in the white house. straighten out all the mess. set them straight. watch. @gmbaku: @realdonaldtrump @littlevd23 @tsrowan plus fabulous fantastic great and tenacious. love those words. @ravgames: .@realdonaldtrump serious question mr. trump: why don t you like @jonahnro? because he is not good at what he does-@nro dying. @jackson tweets: @realdonaldtrump you will cream hillary clinton in a debate! i create jobs and build but should be able to do just fine! .@nro really important to save national review from going out of business. we need a true conservative voice! @williamgardanis: @realdonaldtrump to fix america requires superman but there is one better - djt we must make america great again! .@pennypritzker really important to cover currency manipulation in trade agreements - that s where china and others are beating us. best! i don t know if hillary will be able to run she is a walking time bomb! @petemsgt1787: @realdonaldtrump i get why you don t like goldberg...self-righteous word smithy true but with zero talent. @nro. @ sierra03 : really hope @realdonaldtrump decides to run for president. would love for my first time voting for president to be for him. i will be interviewed by @judgejeanine tonight on @foxnews - enjoy! @artfiopz: top 10 celebrities taking dc by storm this weekend:what do donald trump model chrissy tiegen and bradley cooper have in common? will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 - 5 minutes. then i head to new hampshire great people! @jodi mae: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president you would receive my vote! @talismanjohnnya: @realdonaldtrump great segment again today d...great way to start the monday! @foxandfriends. @andybran: @foxandfriends all of the clinton graft is uncovered by a writer? no agency tracks this type of theft?out of control. @blayne troy: @foxandfriends mr. trump calls it like it is. hrc should be investigated prosecuted and put in federal prison. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump you always make monday s better!! keep telling the truth and giving us hope!! thanks. @chingaling3: @realdonaldtrump praying for you the mexico situation and your decision to run for president may god guide you. @njoh1234: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends listening...good interview! @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends bless you sir safe trip!!! thanks. @nh1news: .@realdonaldtrump is coming to nh1 news hq! have questions? reply let us know 5pm on @wbintv #nhpolitics #fitn. @jelliottkelley: @realdonaldtrump coming to the sc freedom summit!! this event keeps getting better @repjeffduncan. @williamgardanis: @realdonaldtrump the one who will put american first and not cave in to lobbyists or wimp out to politically correctness. @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump thank you! such a small thing but you make my day! god bless you mr trump! @foxandfriends. @dusty radio: @realdonaldtrump u wouldn t leave americans alone the way o has. i anxiously await your decision! @mrsabh: @realdonaldtrump well...you would have the hottest first lady ever. #godspeed sir. @spirtualhappy: first thing i see when i log unto twitter is @realdonaldtrump #goodmorning trumpy great. @ceovince: there s only one person that can make this country what it once was... and that person is @realdonaldtrump #trump #champion. @haroldrschmidt: @realdonaldtrump @andybran @foxandfriends yep when guns are outlawed only outlaws have guns. nobody but donald trump will save israel. you are wasting your time with these politicians and political clowns. best! #sheldonadelson. icymi via @pagesix by @mohris: donald trump honored at marine corps charity gala. @backontrackusa @realdonaldtrump @pagesix @mohris semper fi donald !!!! my @msnbc int w @krystalball at #whcd on my 2016 timetable saving social security & making america great again! @woofeous @wmur9 @newengcollege business leaders such as donald could easily teach students more in one-hour than in any semester. via @bostonherald by @chriscassidy bh: trump: the last thing we need is another bush. @eileenkelly14 @wmur9 @newengcollege for those saying it s not crowded you didn t see the people on the balcony and crowded outside. #trumpadvice. wow 15 policemen hurt in baltimore some badly! where is the national guard. police must get tough and fast! thugs must be stopped. blatant and rampant property destruction in baltimore as the police stand by and watch. should be a lesson on how not to handle riots. sad! our great african american president hasn t exactly had a positive impact on the thugs who are so happily and openly destroying baltimore! now that the ineffective baltimore police have allowed the city to be destroyed are the u.s. taxpayers expected to rebuild it again ? the mayor of baltimore said she wanted to give the rioters space to destroy - another real genius! @vanderpunked: can we drop @realdonaldtrump off in the middle of #baltimore so he can show obama how it s done? i would fix it fast! our country has to come together. we have to start working with and really liking each other. the whole world is watching baltimore. president obama you have a big job to do. go to baltimore and bring both sides together. with proper leadership it can be done! do it. the best social program by far is a job! our jobs are being taken away from us by china and many other countries - incompetent leader. hopefully there won t be any problems in baltimore tonight. be calm be cool-do not let anybody get hurt.there is just too much to live for! i wonder what the rest of the world is thinking about the united states as they watch the disgusting and out of control baltimore riots? @jtruelove713: if @realdonaldtrump runs for president i will vote for the first time ever. until then........... @lynuscantwell: the world is laughing. obama is a joke. no hillary the sequel. run donald please. we need no nonsense leadership. @mlawts12: if @realdonaldtrump doesn t run in 2016 the country is screwed i agree! i am going to iowa today - sold out crowds. people don t want our country ripped-off anymore. must stop now! @richardirace @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump great property! we had an amazing conference here last week! thanks. @rutnastiti: meet your #1 fan from waverly ia: shay doyle.he looks up to you & hopes to be the next trump. met a big fan today! thank you @trumpsoho @trumpnewyork for helping me celebrate #agreatcause @marinecorpslef while accepting the commandants leadership award! incredible handheld video of the las vegas strip in 1969. the skyline looks better with @trumplasvegas! @kawsteel: @trumpdoral @realdonaldtrump @brendarigney just home from awesome buddies trip to #trumpdoral! great job thanks! @drjackfriedman: i m so glad you are in it to win it. america needs to turn a profit. enough with clueless corrupt bonehead politicians. @djscotter: @iowagoper @realdonaldtrump thank you donald j. trump for your thoughtfulness. @staceylambright: i had the pleasure of meeting @realdonaldtrump and hearing him speak a few times. we need to see him on the 2016 ballot! @1muskyhunter: @realdonaldtrump we need your leadership in this country now please enter the prez ring. @salmashaifari: donald trump all american billionaire full via @youtube wow so nice - thank you! they now say using the word thug is like so many other words not politically correct even though obama uses it . it is racist. bull! i have been a guest on the view many times when it was successful show. now the show is dying for lack of ratings. too bad! @circuspony2: @realdonaldtrump did you see all the whites that were robbed & assaulted during the riots mr president? #trump2016. @ghostlyprep: @realdonaldtrump is amazing you can tell me he s not when you re as successful as him. @markpryceagee: i believe donald trump would be the best candidate to run for president under the republican party. #trump16 i do also! @615realjg: donald trump is the only man that understands life right now thank you. .@nicolledwallace is really hurting @theview. she is boring predictable and has zero television it - show no longer has ratings dying! @gmandunkley: @realdonaldtrump hi donald spare a thought for little old guy here. i love your hair and wish i had the same. great! @wewantmitt2016: like a kid waiting for christmas morningwe re awaiting your announcement in june or july. #trump. @j middleton7: @realdonaldtrump please get in the drivers seat of this country! @killingtime2015: @realdonaldtrump @nicolledwallace @theview clean house not w.g. @keepcalmbc: @theview is a pitiful shell of its former self! all new hosts are needed! just cancel it & put it & us out of our misery! @bjkizer74: you should run as an independent and kick hiliary s ass & the wussy democratic republicans too! just say no to rino s! congrats @trumpwaikiki for winning @americanexpress fine hotels & resorts hotel partner of the year for 2014 award! .@thrillistchi named @sixteenchicago @trumpchicago one of the best value michelin-starred restaurants in chicago. @yanicsimard: @realdonaldtrump & @trumptoronto for the retweet love your properties and looking forward to your washington dc new hotel. @fabeshai: @cbsnews donaldtrump the field looks very beatable for hillary donald should get in the race. he is a true reagan republican. .@cgasparino good seeing you. keep up the great work never stop! @robertpatrick @foxbusiness saying the day trump declares mike wallace will take him seriously. you mean chris mike was his great father. @amadorserver: donaldtrump get in the race and shut down the opposition. i m ready for america to be great again. #makeamericagreatagain. billions of dollars spent on baltimore and it s still a total mess. leadership is needed not dollars. our whole country is going to hell! why is no-one talking about the horrible murder of ana charle by ex-con thug west spruill. gunned down on street naked. why no riots here? if the working proud and productive people of our country don t start exerting their authority and views the u.s. as we know it is doomed! entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. entrepreneurs: don t tread water. get out there and go for it. whether you think you can or think you can t you re right. -- henry ford. via @qctimes by @edtibbetts: trump: u.s. getting beat up. my @kwwl int. from @wartburgcollege discussing how politicians have failed us & making america great again! via @conroecourier by @stephengreen91:trump talks 2016 run jobs at @txpatriotspac. via @dmregister by @ap: donald trump talks economy with republicans in davenport. thank you. thanks! trump: very much inclined to enter gop white house race via @mcclatchydc by @lightmandavid. @sandersandrew: @realdonaldtrump donald you have to do it. it s the only way to save this once great nation. @gen yvette: @realdonaldtrump run mr. trump run! @jorgey1 1985: @realdonaldtrump if you don t run then hilaryclinton will win and become president no good candidates on republicans side. @stadiumjourney: take a look at our review of trump national doral miami home of the @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral. @slimshiny82: never been more excited for a potential candidate as i am with donaldtrump he is the only person who can beat hillaryclinton. beautiful thank you. @albo9: @gen yvette run run what are you waiting for? lots of support out here in york pa. willing to set up shop here for you.. @gen yvette: @markus 42 i d vote for him if he were our candidate. i d go door-to-do for him too. i d feel safe with him as president. @laurenthomasx3: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for your visit to greenville sc may 9th!! should be a fantastic event. great. @robby moreira: @realdonaldtrump if you became president we would immigrate to the united states of america. for sure! nice. @pam rugani: my hubby just spent a couple days here for a conference. he said it was incredible! here s his pic! @lydianeu: @realdonaldtrump enjoying lunch at trump tower grill. your building is fantastic. @canoetravel: plans for wind farm dropped at @realdonaldtrump s #scotland golf resort: #travel #golf great news! .@canoetravel also the very obsolete ugly and expensive wind turbines will never be build in aberdeen. no longer works. @golfchannel. plans to build wind farm near trump turnberry in scotland have been dropped. great! @golfdigest @golfweekmag @golfchannel @espngolf. @coletonemr: really enjoyed hearing you speak yesterday. thanks for coming to the woodlands! : @realdonaldtrump thanks. @realdonaldtrump i m an activist so i m used 2 that & i always applaud interestbut the people i know admire trump thank you nice. @brendelfred: @realdonaldtrump @pam rugan coolest building in chicago. didn t think that was possible. trump run for prez plz. @tonyinokla2015: @realdonaldtrump @gen yvette @markus 42 no more rinos and fence sitters. we want donald trump for president !!!!!! @pkellyshock: @realdonaldtrump if you don t run i won t vote. @packerlegends: @realdonaldtrump trump would make a good president because he knows how to make money not waste it. true. @casehoag: just spotted trump tower in #chicago. what a presence the building gives to the city! props to @realdonaldtrump thank you. .@sheriffclarke great insight in dealing with the media today. you are a wonderful representative of calm and reason a real pro! @calisunandsurf: @realdonaldtrump @packerlegends donald trump would be an awesome president! @sweettea2u: @realdonaldtrump if you do not run for president i am not voting. people need to stop playing games and get real. baltimore had a really tough night - only great leadership can solve the many inner-city problems facing our country. jobs jobs jobs! @rjispy: @sweettea2u great! all @gop @teapartyexpress @tppatriots @teapartyorg should take the pledge not to vote unless trump runs. the racial divide in our country is almost at an all-time high - and getting worse every time you turn on the television. .@floydmayweather good luck tonight floyd. @rockinjoe1: @upsetnavyvet @realdonaldtrump well at least the donald s arrogance is warranted so true thanks! @chuckiscool: i work for bridgestone golf and was at 3 of ur nj courses for demo days this week and wanted to say the courses were great! @charleswhite816: @realdonaldtrump @chuckiscool trump is best thing to happen in golf since graphite. everything 1st class. thanks! @lancebagley1: @realdonaldtrump @rockinjoe1 @upsetnavyvet it s not conceited it s convinced. #trump2016. @andmyspace: im not sure if hes running but i love the way he can talk&run a well oiled businesshe can speak so all know whats what! @rockinjoe1: @realdonaldtrump look mr.trump you could have a lot of support but people don t really believe you will run. just watch! @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrump knows what it takes to win just like floyd mayweather. he is stronger & will overcome the weak!! #tump2016. @puppyslug: donaldtrump: mayweather is gonna win just like you gonna win presdidency 2016 you r both winners who deliver knockouts! @tpgraf82: @realdonaldtrump has never rushed into anything! we will wait on you! #trump2016. @rockinjoe1: @realdonaldtrump your candidacy would hit the gop like a wrecking ball! total game changer stay tuned! @natashaownfan: @rockinjoe1 i can t wait to find out yes or no mr. trump is so brilliant great at business he can run the country thanks. @rjispy: @gop @teapartyexpress @foxnews @teapartyorg -other candidates need to kowtow to their billionaires trump does not have to. @lancebagley1: be bold....and powerful forces will come to your aid. but you know this trump we re waiting. #makeamericagreatagain. @kyleraccio: @realdonaldtrump @rjispy yes- trump wouldn t owe anyone anything. important! so true! @scottfconroy: kentucky derby? more like kentucky losers! donaldtrump is only horse in race that matters for america! strong fierce noble. @rulivinglife: i agree.!! @realdonaldtrump anyone who thinks my story is anywhere near over is sadly mistaken- donald trump #quote. @zgreekdwstyle: @realdonaldtrump please run for president and save us from the fools. stay tuned! @natashaownfan: @realdonaldtrump @rockinjoe1 just let me know when we can start calling you president trump ok i can t wait. watch. @bungwilliam: @realdonaldtrump if you dont run for president i wouldnt vote! #trumptforpresident nice. @natashaownfan: @rockinjoe1 for me you are the only one that can do the job right move the country forward & bring about goodness true. @kerri59: @realdonaldtrump @zgreekdwstyle please. for real this time. we need you. do not worry. just got back from las vegas. @trumplasvegas hotel was fantastic in every way but the fight was a total waste of time. the aggressor lost? @sparklebutt1947: @realdonaldtrump @packerlegends yes and he will bring companies back to the us true. @hillarysusans: @tedageejr people don t like it when @realdonaldtrump is right. for whatever reason. @marysmi59722224: @realdonaldtrump please run in 2016!!! @dillonjquinn: @realdonaldtrump how do i sign up to be a campaign volunteer?! you will be called! i am the only one that knows how to build cities - pols are all talk and no action. our cities need help and fast. they are crumbling! @tide mann: @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas 100 agreed!! @robinrn: @realdonaldtrump what this country needs is unification & direction & you re the one who can make it happen! run mr. trump run. @jlaudner: republicans are working so my generation can achieve their american dream: #makeamericagreatagain. @gatorfan122752: @realdonaldtrump please run for president. we need you stay tuned. @fackinpeter: can t wait to hear what u say on fox and friends tomorrow. hope u talk about how lame #mayweatherpacquiao was #trump2016. i will be interviewed at 7:00 a.m. on @foxandfriends - enjoy. @ddeessm: this planet would be a more prosperous and safe place if we had the awesome @realdonaldtrump in charge! #donaldforpresident. @davidsbaldwin: @realdonaldtrump will you still be on this hour @foxandfriends? have been watching but nothing yet... yes 7:30. @foxandfriends: coming up at 7:35am et @realdonaldtrump joins us live! @sfc17972: hearing you is a great way to start the week! country needs true leadership.hope to see your name on the ballot!! @foxandfriends. @aliwilbur: @realdonaldtrump @robinrn mr.trump you can beat all candidates im sure of it. you must run @foxandfriends. our amazing golf course @trumpscotland. congratulations to @trumpnewyork and @trumptoronto for the @wsj coverage on perks in luxury hotels:. via @washingtonposts @goingoutguide by @timcarman: @gzchef open the national at the old post office pavilion. congress was elected last november to reign obama in not to give him fast track authority for bad trade deals for the american worker! looking forward to @david bossie & @repjeffduncans @citizens united freed summit in greenville sc this saturday! if elected i will undo all of obamas executive orders. i will deliver. lets make america great again! deportations are plummeting while obama continues to grant amnesty. thrilled to hear that @rakutentraveljp has awarded @trumpwaikiki the rakuten diamond award for the 4th consecutive year! congrats! with 46-stories and 391 beautiful rooms @trumpsoho offers a wide array of aaa five diamond luxury options. #maythe4thbewithyou--- here is when darth vader and i did some firing-. @vargo0515: i believe its going to take that kind of tenacity & business sense get america back up and politicians have done nothing! @patmc454: donaldtrump quit lolly gagging! announce you re running already! we need someone with a brain to be the leader of the free world. @stephanielk1: @realdonaldtrump please save our country! @ jacobsanders : @realdonaldtrump cruising through downtown chicago. beautiful building! nobody would fight harder for free speech than me but why taunt over and over again in order to provoke possible death to audience. dumb! @peenerad: @realdonaldtrump it needs to be done donald these republican gop candidates just do not pass mustard. #trump2016!!!! true! @colemandonna61: @realdonaldtrump so true donald !!! @thebutteryone: @realdonaldtrump oh god. i agree with you. the u.s. has enough problems without publicity seekers going out and openly mocking religion in order to provoke attacks and death. be smart. @dcfoodsafety: mr.trump i tell people i am voting for you. when are you gonna make the announcement so people will start believing? watch. @xoleahjackson: @realdonaldtrump so true! much love donald! @antonio annesi: @realdonaldtrump you have done an incredible job of building an empire in the country! #trump2016 thanks. @meltsch: @realdonaldtrump @peenerad what a sad lineup the republicans have most we never heard of . they have nothing to inspire us. @tlfordxx: @anninquirer @realdonaldtrump amen ann... @joshgundle: @realdonaldtrump time we had a real president who gets things done. cheers to the jfk of the 21st century! #trump2016 cute! @hgswiney: time for @realdonaldtrump to make his big announcement about how he s going to put this country back on track!! #trump2016. what would you do if a large group of muslims had a very public meeting drawing horrible and mocking cartoons of jesus? oh really be cool! @steveman905: @realdonaldtrump you really need to commit to a presidential run. you can beat clinton! the only one that can! @mortimerzilch: @realdonaldtrump @steveman905 we don t know if hil will get the dem nomination. but donald gives me hope. @mindfreakeuropa: @realdonaldtrump @steveman905 i concur! donald please run the country needs you! @puppyslug: @realdonaldtrump you will save this country. no one can beat the stupdity bettor then you. you are the man! #2016. our spa @trumpsoho gets a nice write-up in @details: #gotmilk. there is incredible progress on the site of trump tower punta del este uruguay situated on the sands of playa brava. great story on @trumptoronto in @globeandmail about our new sky and wellness suites:. i am thrilled to share that the trump home furniture collection by @doryainteriors just opened a new. at the foot of whitestone bridge in the bronx @trumpferrypoint offers fantastic views of the manhattan skyline. follow @trumpnh for all the updates on my new hampshire political activities. looking forward to returning to the granite state on may 14! there can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty. the iron lady margaret thatcher. trump international golf club turnberry scotland has been home to four of the greatest open championships in history. @tiaffo: @realdonaldtrump @trumpwaikiki yes... all the win!.... @aacrowellt: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president im voting for you great. @haleighbrick: @realdonaldtrump see you on the 16th! i look forward to seeing you! @rushlvr1: rt @aacrowellt: @realdonaldtrump if you run for president im voting for you great. i am dying for donald to run and win#. @aacrowellt: @realdonaldtrump he is the best person for the job. @aaceallaigh: please run mr trump. @realdonaldtrump @aacrowellt. @blissgal: @realdonaldtrump @briellezolciak trump for president !!!! our country must get very strong and very tough - and fast before it is too late. we have zero leadership and never win! we want victory. @kristinkgl: @megynkelly at this point i m voting for trump! @realdonaldtrump very smart! @valetasue57: @realdonaldtrump dt please get in the race for president. @wwlood13: @realdonaldtrump for president!! run and you got my vote. @draper33paul: @realdonaldtrump i agree. @rkornackipsu: @realdonaldtrump see you saturday in greenville sc to hear more! great. i hope all of the many thousands of people who are asking me to give up so much and run for president will fight hard for victory if i do! @velvet2708: @realdonaldtrump @kristinkgl @megynkelly i ll vote for trump in a heart beat. not a politician but a very smart man true. @flyosubuckeye1:really hoping you announce a 2016 run soon! @ford building more factories in mexico! #eatingourlunch. @shalontabowman: @realdonaldtrump you are my hero! i know you would be the greatest president to have ever set foot in office! thank you. .@pamelageller is a total whack job who doesn t have a clue. don t provoke the enemy go get them and make them pay. no signals just do it! @vandaman86: you have conquered so much in business. your children will carry on your legacy. now make america great again!!!#trump2016. @johnborntoride: @realdonaldtrump got my vote! need a real leader n a business man! no more corrupt politicians. @baberuth99: we ve got your back mr. trump! we re not politicians all talk and no action . just let us know what you need us to do. @tegodreaux: you didnt build an empire on hope you built it on hard work and dedication. balancing budgets and making profits. run sir ! @davidnyct: @realdonaldtrump we will! @cjwthefishermen: @realdonaldtrump i will. @masterbaxter8: i want to see a man that s not a career politician in office. america forgot what a great leader can do! #fixtheusa. @deanpreston76: time for you to tell @barackobama you re fired! . #trumpforpresident2016 we need someone who loves america in office! @zrill: @realdonaldtrump just confirm your intention and lets put the matter to rest will you run? #trump2016 watch. @thejoannaryan: @realdonaldtrump a man s children speak much of him. u have raised them well & will represent us well. u will win. thanks. @kristofer clark: @realdonaldtrump get into office and tell congress you re fired! #trump2016 #timeforprogress. @nickdallman: @realdonaldtrump you re the most logical person i follow on twitter! @michaelhenry123: .@katiepavlich is trying hard but apparently donaldtrump is not looking to engage. no idea who she is sounds dumb! @notnottildaswin: @realdonaldtrump sir. with all dew respect you owe it to the american ppl to do ultimate sacrifice be the man & run. @atmaxh: please run @realdonaldtrump! with your toughness and business experience you can put this country back on track! very true. @paleobuilder: after i complete reading @schwarzenegger autobiography i will read your book trump never give up. you re an inspiration ! @shalontabowman: without a doubt donaldtrump is the most logical choice for president. you d be the only competent candidate. we need you! @ayrshirechamber: we got a look round the work being done at @turnberrybuzz looking great! #ayrshire #wellconnected. via ht politics. via @dailycaller by @alexpappas: donald trump to blast obama trade pact in radio ads: a bad bad deal. #trumpadvice. .@franklin graham: great job on @foxandfriends this morning. you beautifully stated what most people are thinking! say hi to all. @toledosnow: you should run for president mr. trump! you re a great man and i would love to see what you could do for the united states! @moseph81: @ceiebhomes: donald trump s beach mansion is the biggest thing i ve ever seen another great deal! the united states needs great deals - and fast. we have to make our country rich again in order to make our country great again! @joannepascal: @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realdonaldtrump #thedonald has my vote......please run for president. @jillian2u2: @foxandfriends @kilmeade i d vote trumphe s strong. he said first i d build a wall at border fire weaklings in dc too ! @bjamin021: @foxandfriends @kilmeade 2016 @realdonaldtrump for president - yes!!! @fivestarmagazin: trump collection is planning hotels in dubai abu dhabi doha and ksa #ahic2015 @realdonaldtrump. @jrondatampier: if obama isnt able to solve baltimores issue no chance to solve chinas & opecs abuses. the world asks for leadership! @klo211 @foxandfriends @kilmeade @realdonaldtrump donald you keep saying you could fix this country! that would be great. then run!!! if i run i will be in all the primary debates and you will see why i am the only one who can make america great again! i was the first & only potential gop candidate to state there will be no cuts to social security medicare & medicaid. huckabee copied me. huckabee is a nice guy but will never be able to bring in the funds so as not to cut social security medicare & medicaid. i will. #tbt with my friend @muhammadali. .@kilmeade it was great being with you on @foxandfriends this morning. so many people saw and loved the piece. great work! @foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realdonaldtrump. @newsmax media: donald trump: don t give obama fast-track trade authority. @drudge report: trump to blast trade pact in radio ads... @oliverbooks: best thing about this fight is randomn celeb sightings so far tom brady donald trump justin bieber big letdown fight! @karentalk: @foxandfriends @kilmeade we know you are a patriot..we are grateful for you..you love america..america loves you. via @arabianbusiness: @ivankatrump eyes new projects in abu dhabi for trump organization. via @newsmax media by donald trump: don t give obama fast-track trade authority. iowa hirings suggest donald trump serious about 2016 white house bid via @washtimes by @sethmclaughlin1. via @fitsnews by will folks: the donald rebukes obamatrade. a strong military makes us respected by our allies & feared by our enemies. lets make america great again! tom brady would have won if he was throwing a soccer ball. he is my friend and a total winner! @patriots. i ve dealt w politicians throughout the world. my deals are multi-faceted transactions which involve many issues. i know the process & win! keep a good attitude and do the right thing even when it s hard. when you do that you are passing the test. - @joelosteen. #trumpadvice. great job tonight @ericbolling. thank you @asavagenation and keep up the great work! @vctr67: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump. please run and save this country from going to hell. you got my vote. thanks. @kittreantanner:more interviews mr trump. the more you talk @ what you would do if president the more people want to hear more from you. @4kmiddlebrook: @realdonaldtrump #bigger #better #stronger #faster #smarter #richer #winner #trump2016 @foxnews @oreillyfactor @thefive. .@nyrangers did a great job of winning tonight - played like champions! @johnny4a: envision it: donaldtrump is prez @elonmusk sends ppl 2 mars by @spacex and ppl drive his @teslamotors electric cars #trump2016. @jackpaalay: @realdonaldtrump the king of turnberry! fabulous! what an amazing place! leaving for the great state of south carolina now to make a speech about how to make our country great again! .@tuckercarlson is doing a really good job on fox especially when talking politics. he has come a long way fast! my two sons eric & don have long been expert hunters & marksmen @nra. they go on safaris & give animals to the poor & starving villagers! @laurenthomasx3: excited to hear gop candidates at the freedom summit today in greenville sc! see you soon @realdonaldtrump. @lynneleach: @realdonaldtrump you can make u.s. great by running for potus! you have my vote a million times over. @therealtmac11: @florianooke @toxmaster @nra bc the elephants are so many the safari club pays for water wells to keep them alive. @therealtmac11: @florianooke @toxmaster @nra the elephants in zimbabwe are so abundant that they are devastating the national forest. @stephaniekrista: @realdonaldtrump thank-you!!! i hope you are running for potus! got my vote! @therealtmac11: @nra non-hunters don t get it. the hunting community raises over 2billion dollars annually for conservation. #googleit. @hdfxdx01: @realdonaldtrump are you announcing your run for president? you are americas last hope! stay tuned! @foxandfriends: .@kilmeade takes a stroll with @realdonaldtrump. @drudge report: trump to blast trade pact in radio ads... @4kmiddlebrook: @realdonaldtrump has been stimulating cities all over the world plowing through political bs his whole life. #trump2016. @gopjim davis: @realdonaldtrump thoroughly enjoyed your speech in sc. thanks jim. @mikesington: crowd goes wild for trump at sc summit! @stevekingia: trump s in i know he s in. his scooby-doo van:. @williamgardanis: @realdonaldtrump sc freedom summit full speech djt. big crowds standing ovations in south carolina - make america great again! @presidency2016: dr ben carson @realbencarson will just need to sweat it out until donald trump leaves the white house on 20 january 2025. @wkdojo: @realdonaldtrump just run damnit......roll trump roll....kickass. happy #mothersday to all the great mothers out there! @jwpicciotto: @markhalperin @realdonaldtrump pretty shotty math a- c- a- very dishonest reporting by halperin. he knows - total scam! @staton flurry: looking forward to hearing @realdonaldtrump speak saturday night in iowa. see you there - record breaking crowd! @ashtonmartintmt: i stayed up to 4 am last night reading a @realdonaldtrump book !! great! @xfile1986: @adamsmith usa run @realdonaldtrump run!!! @guyscott33: @realdonaldtrump excellent speech at sc freedom summit! you need to run! how come there are no protests in favor of the two young police officers gunned down in mississippi by two deranged animals. death penalty! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 this morning. plenty to talk about! a great job by @rickiefowlerpga in winning the players yesterday. finally your jealous critics can go to hell! good luck at the u.s. open. denzel washington gave a wonderful commencement speech over the weekend. from the heart! .@foxandfriends in 5 minutes. @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump one of the best speeches i have ever heard and it was clearly heartfelt!! thank you. @justnise: @realdonaldtrump my man has never voted in an election said he would vote for trump for president. @mrtonyroberts1: greatest country on earth the united states of america need a strong leader just like you! you are the best. @kyndalbass thank you jill marlon & all @trumpchicago for the amazing & personal service. #chicago sbesthotel #trump2016 thanks. do what you can with what you have where you are. - theodore roosevelt. great shot by @kingjames yesterday. lebron is a tough competitor who delivers under pressure. government s first duty is to protect the people not run their lives. president ronald reagan. they had no definitive proof against tom brady or #patriots. if hillary doesn t have to produce emails why should tom? very unfair! can you imagine we spend billions of dollars protecting saudi arabia and now the king refuses to even meet with obama. great leadership! people are so jealous of tom brady and the patriots. no court could convict based on the evidence.they can t beat him on the field so this! why do we always try to destroy our true champions and winners in this country while at the same time leaving the losers alone? stupid! @cerrabella: @realdonaldtrump china to build military base in africa next to critical choke oil transport- zerohedge. @ryan smith10: @realdonaldtrump for president! @delonte3ast: tom brady is about to win the next 5 super bowls and visit @realdonaldtrump in the white house. very cool! one of the dumber and least respected of the political pundits is chris cillizza of the washington post @thefix. moron hates my poll numbers. @byronyork: in new bloomberg poll donald trump ahead of christie cruz carson huckabee fiorina graham jindal kasich perry santorum. @byronyork: donald trump is rising in nh ia. what s going on? @strombolijeff: @realdonaldtrump u are the people s hero. trump 2016 you ve got my vote! thanks. what a stupid deal for verizon to buy aol for 4.4 billion. aol has been bad luck for everyone who touched it. worth less than 1 billion! sue them tom! #trumpvlog. i was proud to be one of ronald reagan s earliest supporters. like reagan it s time to make america great again! @donhewitt3 @ronfromlasvegas people are very naive if they think only the patriots do this. had no effect on the game. go to court. @therealtommydel trump for president! tom brady as running mate? @enzotorin @realdonaldtrump trump is the man #trump2016. @wilykayote @lentoddwor i hope the don throws his hat in the ring for potus. he can t be bought! he said this country is going to hell. entrepreneurs: be passionate. you have to love what you re doing to be successful at it. entrepreneurs: keep the big picture in mind. there are always opportunites and possibilities & thinking too small can negate a lot of them. entrepreneurs: look at the solution not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. everything comes to him who hustles while he waits. -- thomas edison. via @breitbartnews: donald trump: rich people dont like mepoor middle-income people like me best. via @prnewswire streetsense brings the national a geoffrey zakarian restaurant to dc s new trump intl hotel. glad the trans-pacific partnership failed in the senate. bad deal for american worker & economy! we need smart trade! polling strong donald trump starting to get serious via @bostonherald by @jaclyncashman. my @bostonherald interview on tom brady hillary clinton the granite state & making america great again! @stann1s: @realdonaldtrump wish you were president of the united states would be the greatest time to be living brother. @jaybags9: enjoying day 1 of my stay in @realdonaldtrump s hotel @trumpdoral #improvedsincelastyear #lovely. @james taylor78: @realdonaldtrump you d have my vote! great. jeb bush really blew his interview with @megynkelly - should cost him big time. said he would do the disastrous iraq war all over again. amtrak crash near philadelphia train derails -many hurt some badly. our country has horrible infrastructure problems. pols can t solve! @joetorre: #happybirthdayyogiberra! @biffdiddle: .@realdonaldtrump this is why we need a real leader in the white house. #trump2016. @mark esque: @bobby2700 @realdonaldtrump good point. we just really need your help donald! the only one to fix the infrastructure of our country is me - roads airports bridges. i know how to build pols only know how to talk! remember politicians are all talk and no action. our country is a laughing stock that is going to hell. the lobbyists & donors control all! train wreck just the beginning. our roads airports tunnels bridges electric grid - all falling apart.i can fix for 20 of pols & better. i am the best builder just look at what i ve built. hillary can t build. republican candidates can t build. they don t have a clue! we are rebuilding other countries while our own country is going to hell. time to rebuild the u.s.a.! tell our stupid politicians enough. my major hotel conversion of the old post office on pennsylvania avenue in d.c. is under budget and ahead of schedule. should be u.s.a. @ajbruno14 thanks old post office is hidden treasure worth the time to visit! it will be fantastic! via @swan investor by @forbes: the trump card: make america great again. donald trump trademarked reagan slogan & would like to stop other republicans from using it via @businessinsider. thanks @renee2i for hosting me tomorrow at the two international group! looking forward to making new friends & discussing #fitn topics. looking forward to touring the @sigsauerinc world headquarters tomorrow! one of the top gun manufacturers in the us! #gunrights #tcot. huge townhall tomorrow at 5pm in the nh barrington middle school! thanks to @straffordnhgop for hosting! lets make america great again! needed: leaders who negotiate smart trade deals.only one knows the art of the deal. lets make america great again! you can be an @nfl player with murder charges and not be suspended. yet with no evidence @nfl targeted tom brady. b.s.! i hope tom brady sues the hell out of the @nfl for incompetence & defamation. they will drop the case against him--and he will win. who ever heard of a legal conviction statement more probable than not against tom brady? sue them tom and make lots of . @nfl. i call jeb bush the reluctant warrior --- he just doesn t want to be doing this he is not having fun! going to new hampshire all sold out crowds. people want real change - pols will never make our country great again! @williamgardanis: @realdonaldtrump if anyone in the gop field was sincere they would endorse donald j trump to make america great again. @joe hurwitz: @realdonaldtrump wow you are great and your hair is awesome wow i love the second part! @ogreuasshole: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait to see you destroy hillary in a debate! we must win and make america great again! @str8hustling: @realdonaldtrump donald you would have fired jeb bush a long time ago on the apprentice true! failure isnt fatal but failure to change might be john wooden. @gappistanradio: jeb bush marco rubio ted cruz are not the answers. america needs trump to send hillary packing and make usa great again! @durandsentinus: japan has faster trains & better safety. what is wrong with us?? amtrak! @realdonaldtrump could easily fix! trump int l hotel & golf links ireland formerly the lodge at doonbeg is a 5 star resort fronting the atlantic ocean. via @bostonherald by @ chriscassidy bh: donald trump says jeb bush is wrong about iraq. @dan numba: @realdonaldtrump @trumplasvegas you are the best mr trump. @jdrago28: it was such an honor to meet @realdonaldtrump today in new hampshire! what a great man! #nh #business. @jsilva74366572: @gappistanradio - all these pols are such ass kissing fakes - trump is theonly one speaking truthtrump for pres !!! 2016. @terrisanislo: @colormered @realdonaldtrump hey the man knows how to run a business! @davesportsgod: @angiebatlle @realdonaldtrump @hillaryclinton after mccain and romney someone with an actual backbone would be refreshing. @jsilva74366572: @durandsentinus - us infrastructure is seriously deficient - antrump is the only one talking about it !! lets go trump !! @davesportsgod: @realdonaldtrump i hope you decide to really run for president this time. are you going to make a decision soon? very soon. @skeeterspinello:trump might be the the smartest business man alive.but it s your honesty in your opinions that separate you from the field. i cannot believe how bad jeb bush looks with his insane answer on iraq and then his numerous corrections which made him look even worse. .@billrancic bill fantastic job this morning on @foxandfriends - you are a total winner and i am proud of you as first apprentice champ! excited to keynote of the sold-out pottawattamie county republican party lincoln reagan dinner tonight! leaving now! via @unionleader by @tuohy: trump inches closer to a decision. via @fitsnews by @taylahhkane: donald trumps refreshing lack of a filter. looking forward to being interviewed by sam clovis tomorrow at @morningsideedu in sioux city at 10am ct! lets make america great again! via @newsmax media: 14 reasons donald trump is really running and doing well. excited to be speaking at @frankgaffneys @securefreedom iowa national security action summit tomorrow at 1:30pm! i am in iowa today great state fantastic people! many speeches big crowds - all sold out! make america great again! @frankgaffney: tomorrow @realdonaldtrump will be speaking at ia natl security action summit 1:30pm. join us.#tcot. @4kmiddlebrook: donaldtrump has been building stimulating cities around the globe his whole life #worldchampion #rebuildamerica thanks. received a standing ovation in packed house @morningsideedu after sam clovis intro! let s make america great again! today is armed forces day. thank you to our military service members! i love you all! @lauraabokhair: @realdonaldtrump you could change this country around! true and thanks! @thebrodyfile: always great to visit with @thebrodyfile one-on-one with the donald in des moines this afternoon. @mikericks: joining reagan as potus with a star on the walk of fame @realdonaldtrump? #gotmyvote great. @jnakes77: @realdonaldtrump we love u too mr. trump even though u make us mad sometimes. cute! @aj 13 hulton: best book i ve ever read @realdonaldtrump. @bsticklen: @realdonaldtrump at your place in chicago love it! @thekerikgroup: here are 14 reasons why @realdonaldtrump is running and doing well: @newsmaxtv @newsmax media. @carrillo pete: @realdonaldtrump @thebrodyfile -i m all aboard the trump train. i know it won t derail. @ann txpurple: @aj 13 hulton go donald . saying go for it. i think you would make a great president but miss you on apprentice. @mec755: @realdonaldtrump @lauraabokhair donald trump could turn this thing around .... watch. @lunadeapril: @realdonaldtrump @jnakes77 hehe i totally agree! donald makes me mad sometimes but i low key adore him! noce. @shawshank5: @realdonaldtrump @aj 13 hulton why not run for president? you are the best for america and the world. @loveb4youdie: waiting for @realdonaldtrump to announce for president tired of all these posers stay tuned. @1italianheart: we need a real american to run our country and that real man is @realdonaldtrump. get this country back on track. @cspanpolitics: .@realdonaldtrump remarks at @iowagop #lincolndinner on @cspan. @taylorj0103: i hope and pray- @realdonaldtrump. via @dmregister by @briannedmr:trump: bring back jobs from overseas let s make america great again! jeb bush gave five different answers in four days on whether or not we should have invaded iraq.he is so confused.not presidential material! marco rubio was a complete disaster today in an interview with chris wallace @foxnews concerning our invading iraq.he was as clueless as jeb. i laugh when i see marco rubio and jeb bush pretending to love each other with each talking of their great friendship. typical phony pols. @ardow: @realdonaldtrump jebs got no iq ... same as his brother. @awaism: @realdonaldtrump please run. @enoeht85: @realdonaldtrump run #tramp run!!!! @elifourv: @realdonaldtrump you re really the best trump! @dcfoodsafety: mr trump - when are you announcing your candidacy so you can clean house on the current candidates? #trump2016 stay tuned. @bombasticsigma: can you just announce already that you re running for president so i can campaign for you. #makeamericagreatagain. @littlevd2 km @foxnews really not surprising....mr. trump please end the speculation and make the announcement that your going to go 4 it. wow isis has just taken the city of ramadi in iraq. so many of our great soldiers died in originally going after it. such a waste. @derbitteractor: @realdonaldtrump sen. hillary clinton voted for the war. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. so much to talk about but not much good news for the u.s.a. make america great again! @kurt sengul: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends just run for president donny you d win for sure. @anurag7287: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you are the best thanks. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends donald like it is! you continue to give us hope! this country needs you! looking forward to june god bless! @monty3251: @realdonaldtrump ..can t wait til june mr. president millions are waiting for you to make this country great again... @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends mr trump glad to hear you say we are going to make this country great again! your honest you tell it like it. @tokindaddy: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump brian don t try take trump on with your wit . he got you beat hands down! brian is terrific. @amieesurratt: love it! i hope you do run: we need a change sir @realdonaldtrump. @macresslertech: rt via @dmregister by @briannedmr:trump: bring back jobs from overseas let s make america great. @elgianne: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to your announcement! @rsherfy: @realdonaldtrump @macresslertech @taylorj0103 mr. trump i would vote for you we need to make america great again.... @utkarsh chheda: @realdonaldtrump @elgianne damn.. a lot of haters follow u.... haters and losers! marco rubio had no idea what he was doing on chris wallace show. said iraq was not a mistake. he looked clueless! @iamgavinjames politicians have very little real knowledge & instead are pumped full of political rhetoric by staff. it s #timetogettough. @khathuenos ignoring haters and losers is the best medicine of success build a wall from whatever they throw towards you sir. @somegirl71 @realdonaldtrump look forward to hearing you every monday on @foxandfriends. you are exactly what this country needs!!! @fackinpeter @realdonaldtrump im ready for u to make america great again. gallup finds des moines iowa has the highest community pride 76.5 of any large city. congrats and i agree--i love the place! @desmoines. via david ebner re stanley cup & trump poster: if youre going to be thinking anything you might as well think big. .@trumpnationalny- a great place! @trumpgolf. @g87mac: @realdonaldtrump pinnacle of chicago skyline #trump. @islesrbyanksfan: politicians are all talk and no action . lets make america great again . mr. trump for the sake of america please run. @pdigiore1: @realdonaldtrump my husband and myself are praying you run for president. thank you! @shea leduc: @realdonaldtrump for president and tom brady for his vp cute! @littlevd23: @oreillyfactor donaldtrump if mr trump runs and becomes the next president you can rest assure he would address them swiftly! @pepsidaisy: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @markmizzousteel: i see you @realdonaldtrump. @lancebagley1: great article donaldtrump isis in competition w trump #makeamericagreatagain & kill islambies!!! @loripatriot:thank you donaldtrump for speaking the truth & saying what many of us have been. @seanhannity @foxnews. @ chanelelle : donald trump is my inspiration in life @realdonaldtrump love u donald u the real mvp!! @flyosubuckeye1: @realdonaldtrump: @pepsidaisy: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @bobo shields: @realdonaldtrump is living proof that with hard work and dedication you can accomplish your biggest dreams. @richard lewis: @realdonaldtrump mr trump you could become the best potus of all time. your business scorecard speaks for itself. thanks. congrats to @greggutfeld on his new @foxnews show! greg makes great tv and is a terrific guy. host of the @pgatour & @cadillacchamp @trumpdoral is home to 4 unique courses including the famous blue monster. remember when jeb gave hillary a medal on the 1 year anniversary of benghazi?! guess he would have invaded libya too! trump: i created tens of thousands of jobs via @thehill by @smilotweets. flashback via @reuters from 2004: donald trump would fire bush over iraq invasion it s called great vision. via @huffpostpol by @ under current: donald trump will end outsourcing if president. our debt finances chinas military. it s time to get tough we hold all the cards. lets make america great again! tpp does not stop japans currency manipulation & china has a backdoor to join. it must be stopped. we need to protect the american worker! entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable -- but don t take things personally. that s good business. entrepreneurs: work on what you will be proud to be associated with. make your work count. entrepreneurs: remember the golden rule of negotiating -- he who has the gold makes the rules. actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny. harry s. truman. incredible progress at @trumptowerpde punta del este uruguay -- the views are going to be fantastic! with sen. elizabeth dole & @dolefoundation caregiver fellows. tremendous people caring for our military & veterans! @brianjames75: my prediction: @realdonaldtrump will declare his candidacy near memorial day or july 4th. #symbolism #patriotic #gobig. @crackmacs: @brangwyn @inducedcoma i m still expecting @realdonaldtrump to swoop in and save the day stay tuned. @timjonescfa: 2 minutes 20 in politicians need lobbyist money.i don t i have lots of money @realdonaldtrump 4prez. @islesfan83: @realdonaldtrump i hope you run. america needs it badly. @jsilva74366572: @realdonaldtrump cant wait til your anouncment . you have my vote . lets make america great again. @tbi armywife: thank you for a wonderful gathering and for supporting the #hiddenheroes. proud to be a texas fellow @dolefoundation. @bowersallyson: @realdonaldtrump @dolefoundation #hiddenheroes #alleras great champions! @bijobijo: @realdonaldtrump run for president clear cut stop the nonsense of current fools. @tendraftsdeep: @realdonaldtrump get it on and get this nation back. kick ass. @drodell76: have never voted in a presidential election but when i do @realdonaldtrump will get my vote! #trump4president. @traapgawddd: @realdonaldtrump kick obamas ass and run for president already. @greenhousegrown: @realdonaldtrump @drodell76 your my only hope if you bow out then i am not voting for anyone else!!! keep the faith! @marinacitynews: trump announces soft opening of riverfront event spaces @buildordie com -. a must watch - truly beautiful! @privatecaddie: amazing turnberry ailsa course changes from @realdonaldtrump #golf. @realsquezz: vote @realdonaldtrump for potus so he can stop all these fake-ass politicians! wow so nice and so true. thank you! @not that actor: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 time to rethink the choices. @sanksharma: @realdonaldtrump is always kicking ass. #theapprentice #trump2016 #trumpforpresident #nevergiveup. @texasarmymom18: ready for your interview on #kellyfile @megynkelly enjoyed and watched every interview of yours for #2016presidential. @movieloverjohn: @realdonaldtrump its time 2 run 4 president & #trumpthecompetition. @aerielles: @realdonaldtrump is the key to success. thanks. @doomsdayfan: @realdonaldtrump president trump ... has a nice ring to it. trump2016 thank you. @mrs batie: @veryodddog totally agree that this country is in ruins and needs to be restored back to the way our forefathers intended. @girlcant helpit: @realdonaldtrump run for president. you d have my vote. there is no way my friend bob kraft agreed not to appeal the nfl decision without making a deal to at least get something. we love tom brady. i now see john kasich from ohio- who is desperate to run- is using my line make america great again. typical pol- no imagination! what people dont know about kasich- he was a managing partner of the horrendous lehman brothers when it totally destroyed the economy! @iamgavinjame to make america great again we must #thinkbig & understand that it s #timetogettough on china! @realdonaldtrump will do that! @doomsdayfan @realdonaldtrump will make america as successful as his empire! we need trump! i had a great time answering as many questions as possible in sixty seconds at @facebook ny today-. trump golf links at ferry point is a jack nicklaus signature design 18 hole course just minutes from manhattan. via @zpolitics: donald trump sends message to @garepublicans. looking forward to being awarded the 2015 statesman of the year by @srqrepublicans this thursday. a record 2000 attendees-can t wait! my @thebrodyfile int. from iowa on how i would build a wall to secure our southern border & deduct costs from mexico. my @thebrodyfile int. discussing the persecution of christians in the middle east & religious liberty & freedom. yesterday the white house claimed its isis strategy is a success. tell that to the christians being beheaded. we need to hit isis hard! our country has tremendous potential. together we can fix washington. lets make america great again! i will be interviewed on @megynkelly s the kelly file tonight. be sure to watch on @foxnews! .@megynkelly will be on fox now. watch and enjoy! i had a great time today visiting facebook ny. signing the facebook wall-. @dnorrell: @megynkelly shame on megyn.trump has more exp than all the candidates combined.hes the only 1 2 turn this thing around. true! @cornwhisky: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump pretty much says it like it is. @heidimac60: @realdonaldtrump great job on #kellyfile now i m busting to know if ur running! ! @andybran: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly great job mr. trump! i will be 100 in your corner if you choose to make america great again! @luvda24man: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump plz plz run our country has gone to hell..we need a smart business icon no more political liars! @ladyoffe: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly just watched love your positive can do attitude. @ marryyy: @realdonaldtrump was right. correct infrastructure wouldn t even let trains go that fast to then blame it on excessive speed. @fcbauman: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump not if... now... @chris r 2014: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump - he would fix this complete mess. america needs trump. we don t need obama. @champforrest: @megynkelly bringing jobs back from china & asia is a winning issue. he ll capture the reagan democrats. hope he runs. @donnysavaged: i really wish @realdonaldtrump would run for president. @harmonbrew: @foxnews @megynkelly donaldtrump #kellyfile trump is so right about geller. megyn stop advocating for her its a loser. @gameanew: @realdonaldtrump count me in! anything i can do to help.. #trump2016. @thomas tullos10: @realdonaldtrump said he would build a wall on the southern border... got my vote!! @pdk73: @realdonaldtrump i have said for a long time we need a businessman in the white house. .@kirstenpowers new book is excellent and so true! congrats! @lunar kismet15: @realdonaldtrump @champforrest @megynkelly i cant wait to see you on gregs new show! you get my vote. @lunar kismet15: @champforr @megynkelly he also knows what is like to start from humble beginnings and make it to wharton business school. @carrillo pete: @realdonaldtrump -trump the players in this presidential race..... #trump2016. @kissangel864: @realdonaldtrump @gameanew put your hat in the ring - i ll vote for you. get busy trump. @gohardyoung: the only way i m voting for president is if @realdonaldtrump runs cute! @yankeerunnerlv:whether you run or not praying u do your getting my vote.i am writing you in if you don t run.your our best hope #trump16. @smokyjacques: @realdonaldtrump waiting on trump to pump the economy! @kneehighspy: mr. trump keep us informed of your presidential bid we really need some help out here for the common folk! #trump2016. @pri. had a dream that @realdonaldtrump was potus and @warrenbuffett was vp. our country was finally debt free. too bad it was only a dream. @charlesliva: wishing this moment to come thanks @realdonaldtrump i ll vote you #dt2016 #trumpmypresident. @kissangel864: @realdonaldtrump @kneehighspy trump you know how to get this country moving on the right track. go ahead and run for pres. @gappistanradio: all it will take for evil to prevail is for good people to do nothing. @realdonaldtrump you have to run! #trump2016. @charlesliva: thanks @realdonaldtrump this country needs a real leader and you are the man! #trumpmypresident #dt2016 #donaldtrump2016. @obadafidii: trump: i want to make the country great again #smartnews. @631acf83e56d41c: we need change your the man!! you got my vote!! i ll campaign for u in az!! let s do it trump!! #trump4prez #uwillwin. @ snurk: we need@realdonaldtrumpto make america great again! only patriots allowed!! vote vote vote trump. @roadrunnerkd: mr. trump you are the most qualified candidate. this nation needs your leadership experience and wisdom. #trump2016. @carrillo pete: #make america great again. we need a outsider to bring class and discernment back to our nation. we need #donaldtrump2016. @marcorubiotnews: is america ready for donald trump as president? wayne allen root-wow great words and delivery! why donald trump wont touch your entitlements: des moines iowadonald trump says if he runs for p... @rbransonnews: is america ready for donald trump as president? @foxnewsinsider: .@realdonaldtrump: i want to make the country great again @megynkelly. @ipsinvestments @realdonaldtrump the world would be a better place if businessmen like donald trump had more say in the day to day business. @mansfieldra: the q is will the @realdonaldtrump run for president? we shall wait and see. @foxnews just watch! @veryodddog: @realdonaldtrumpvote trump vote trump vote trump he is the best vote trump show you re inteligence vote trump to save amercia. @realsquezz: i love @realdonaldtrump because he s brave fearless and he s got will-power to move america forward!!! #votetrump2016. @millersandra88: @realdonaldtrump @mansfieldra @foxnews he is the only one who could save us!! via @twtravelnews by robert silk: renovations make trump s doral a showcase once again. always be prepared to start. - @joemontana. flashback: nyers were grateful when donald trump finished ahead of schedule and under budget the wollman rink. via @realclearnews by @rebeccagberg: is the white house big enough for donald trump? @mbabramson @realdonaldtrump @foxnewsinsider @megynkelly is always nice to listen to you because you answer and not dodge the questions! @jpwv64 @foxnewsinsider @megynkelly i am with you mr trump! i want to make america great again. it can be! our spirit is not broken. just 30 minutes from manhattan @trumpnationalny is westchesters most elite club offering a 7291 yard course. entrepreneurs: be totally focused. being successful requires nothing less than 100 of your concentrated effort. entrepreneurs: believe in yourself. if you don t no one else will either. entrepreneurs: in the best negotiations everyone wins. this is a possibility and it s the ideal situation to strive for. looking forward to receiving 2015 statesman of the year award tonight by @srqrepublicans. a record 2000 sell out. wouldn t it be nice if our government could build a wall on the border under budget and ahead of schedule?! - my @srqrepublicans speech. just received huge applause when i said berghdal should be sent back to afghanistan! @srqrepublicans speech is sold out with record crowd. i make good deals. that s what i do. i would make great deals for our country. - my @srqrepublicans speech. i would triple the sanctions on iran if the american pastor is not released. - my @srqrepublicans speech. negotiation is a true talent. it is an art. and our politicians are killing our country b c they don t have it. - @srqrepublicans speech. many republicans support tpp. they are stupid. we have stupid republicans too. we need to keep jobs here! - my @srqrepublicans speech. via @abcpolitics by @ajdukakis & @rickklein: mr. trump goes to washington and talks 2016. i am going to save social security without any cuts. i know where to get the money from. nobody else does. - my @srqrepublicans speech. i said don t invade iraq from the very beginning. - my @srqrepublicans speech. audience chanting run trump run! during my my @srqrepublicans speech! they are going to be very happy... our country is not going to have a comeback with any politician. - my @srqrepublicans speech. if i run and if i win our country will be great again. - last line of my @srqrepublicans speech. trump golf links at ferry point: grand opening next tuesday may 26th at 11 am. jack nicklaus will be joining me. @bhliberty @realdonaldtrump i will look forward to your debate performance! i believe this country could use a leader like you! good luck! patriotism is supporting your country all the time and your government when it deserves it. mark twain. on this memorial day holiday we honor our fallen soldiers who have made the greatest sacrifice for freedom. they are our countrys finest. a strong america creates opportunity and growth. we just need to change washington. lets make america great again! i told @megynkelly that @oreillyfactor and i had identical views on a certain issue and she cut it out of the taped interview. why? too bad! @alexpascal123: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor students at new york institute of technology are rooting for you mr. trump! @dannylofaro: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all i have to say is- trump for president! stay tuned! @aa trevino: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor donald it s more important for @oreillyfactor to have your views than viceversa don t sweat it. @james00549702: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor sometimes megyn thinks she has an agenda. it pays to be humble & just report the news!! @turkeyofmurica: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor competing show! @dannylofaro: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly @oreillyfactor all i have to say is- trump for president! @verumestliberta: @megynkelly @oreillyfactor donald it s all lip flappin till you get serious...are you in or just playing us? june!!!! @dfberger23: wait @realdonaldtrump is really running for president? just saw his campaign site! @dirtyhouseguy: why won t you run for #potus and just shut all these idiots up once and for all?? show them how is should be done!! @tpgraf82: i m surprised @fox didn t quote all of @realdonaldtrump hopefully in june they will be quoting you right! #trump2016. @ryanbushby: @realdonaldtrump announce you re running already! we need you! #trump2016 i agree our country is dying! @goldregime: i m sold on @realdonaldtrump #trump for president! @hobowill: @realdonaldtrump you are convincing me more and more.. that s good news! @carterdekeyser: people get so mad when i tell them the only person i would even consider voting for in 2016 is @realdonaldtrump if he runs. @kamwaters: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for your exciting june announcement! keep posting videos they re always informative. #trump2016. @thedanid: i see you boss @realdonaldtrump. @seanlaic: rt @jeanralphiooo i would endorse @realdonaldtrump in a presidential run! @2014 vince: @realdonaldtrump strong clear decisive leader needed..vote trump thank you! @cahlrstorrie: for my birthday today i d like to see @realdonaldtrump make it official that he s running for president! #dt2016 #trump2016. @kcef35: best looking building in chicago @realdonaldtrump. @mjnstn: very entertaining interview with @realdonaldtrump. last quote in article is hilarious .. thank you. @brianjames75: @gop don t choke again! choose america s boldest leader to date. @realdonaldtrump #gobigusa. @bamayorgo1: @realdonaldtrump would be better then jeb bush by a whole lot! @ab cutrock: air force trump: the zillionaire pol dishes about rand mitt and jeb via @mailonline. @realclearnews: after years of fanfare will #donaldtrump run? @rebeccagberg reports:. @drudge report: opens private 757 jet to reporters... @foxnewsinsider: .@realdonaldtrump: i want to make the country great again @megynkelly. @theblaze: donald trump says hed be the greatest representative of the christians if elected president. @abcpolitics: donald trump speaks on 2016ers says jeb bush stumbling. @thehill: donald trump: i have created tens of thousands of jobs. @jdcorbinpm: video: donald trump issues epic promise to #christians if elected president. @trading: money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game - donald trump. @republicbuzz: is the white house big enough for donald trump? realclearpolitics. think big! you are going to be thinking anyway so you might as well think big! @sintianiej: yes this is our next president - donald trump. in 2016 election america vote djt. nobody understands politicians like i do - all talk and no action. they will never get our country where it needs to be truly great again! i would like to wish everyone including all haters and losers of which sadly there are many a truly happy and enjoyable memorial day! @geoff deweaver: who s the social media king of new york? - via @peerindex #congrats @realdonaldtrump @jimmyfallon. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. @05fxdli: @realdonaldtrump as usual great pinpointed analysis of the world situation. i enjoy your frankness and honesty. thanks. @blg216: @realdonaldtrump we re all very proud of you donald . @belllabooo13: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends keep telling it like it truly is! god bless you and yours!! @aplemonlemon: @realdonaldtrump i enjoyed hearing you again this memorial day ! i am partial to you - trustworthy american. @belllabooo13: @foxandfriends loved all you had to say today!! so true all of it! that s what we need to hear truth!! you give me hope!! @tdg tom: @realdonaldtrump we can t get you in the wh fast enough. the drip drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. go get em! @tdg tom: @realdonaldtrump we can t get you in the wh fast enough. the drip drip of horrendous policies is now a flood. watch. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump trump: hero. energeticsavvy american!! need america strong. savior! #makeamericagreatagain #tump2016. the middle-class has become the new poor in this country and our incompetent politicians are unable to do anything about it.they don t care! @thehill: donald trump on mexico: i would build a wall like nobody can build a wall true. @persdevquotes: i try to learn from the past but i plan for the future by focusing exclusively on the present - donald trump. @johnfromcranber: donald trump: never a greater enemy to israel than obama iran nukes. @vinnie 109: @walkerlaflin @katie 0303 we need @realdonaldtrump to run and we would be good. @kathypenree: first time at doral since the renovations wow! fantastic job @realdonaldtrump @ivankatrump thanks. @cclkm: @realdonaldtrump i beg you to run stay tuned! @robertoag415: economicallydonaldtrump is what america needs.i dont know if he s running or not but i m voting donald trump for president. @rtesta: like i said before we need to run the country more like a business. who better than @realdonaldtrump to turn us around. #trump2016. @hmunjal: david @letterman s top 10: the @forbes list members who ve appeared the most - @realdonaldtrump: 21 times! @girlcant helpit: donaldtrump everyone wants you to run. why don t you? you would be perfect. president donald trump has a good ring to it. @sunshinekhali: @realdonaldtrump @rtesta o personally i think you would be a great president for our country #leadership. @jkapper15: @realdonaldtrump please deeply consider running for office. cannot think of a better candidate #trump2016 thanks. @sheveeta: can t think of a better candidate. -donald trump. @melaniatrump: @realdonaldtrump. i will be going to trump links at ferry point for the official opening of this long delayed but future nyc treasure course. great job d. @rosannascotto: coming up @realdonaldtrump on #gdny talking about his new golf course in the bronx! what else is on your mind? @robertpatrickmc: @governorpataki didnt shine as governor in nys why would he become president of the united states @realdonaldtrump true! @niccobigalli: @realdonaldtrump #trumpforpresident make america great again! @ aleshaxo: good morning @realdonaldtrump i m still hoping to hear #trump2016 you ve my vote. stay tuned! @kenbu1: @realdonaldtrump waiting to hear you will run for president in 2016. watch. @wendy1134: @realdonaldtrump @niccobigalli things would be so much better! #trumpforpresident true. @ aleshaxo: @realdonaldtrump now that just put a smile on my face! keeping the faith that you will run. #trump2016. my honor. whether you think you can or think you can t---you are right. -- henry ford. if any candidate believes that with what we know today we still should have invaded iraq then they are unqualified to be commander-in-chief. entrepreneurs: see yourself as victorious--look at the solution not the problem. entrepreneurs: problems are a mind exercise. enjoy the challenge. entrepreneurs: realize that persistence can go a long way. being stubborn is often an attribute. everyone s dream can come true if you just stick to it and work hard. - @serenawilliams. .@anncoulter s new book-- adios america! the left s plan to turn our country into a third world hellhole -- is a great read. good job! @therealtommydel:1 & only potus candidate 2 support tom brady deserves the white house. clear judgment & common sense for usa ! #freebrady. @trumpferrypoint: two great families come together to create a masterpiece. #grandopening donaldtrump @jacknicklaus. @caholcom53: @realdonaldtrump @anncoulter #trump2016 #makingamericagreatagain. @pepsidaisy: @realdonaldtrump it s almost june & time for the big announcement!! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @2014 vince: @realdonaldtrump bring jobs back from asia and mexico..vote trump for wage justice. @saves umoney: @ivankatrump @sandrasmithfox @trumpferrypoint @foxbusiness great interview sandra. ivanka kicks butt and takes names. @papaouch: @tomevans1972 @realdonaldtrump iraqis will never learn to fight if we continue to bail them out... @2014 vince: i am praying sir u wil b president in 2016..end the scam of foreign aid..make other countries pay for help..you inspire... @davevin73: @realdonaldtrump you should be president i signed up for twitter just to tell you this. a lot of americans feel the same way. @dnorrell: @judgenap @freedomlives999 donaldtrump trump is the only non politician who will actually do what he says. all the rest all talk. @bfree3423: @trumpferrypoint honored to be at the grand opening ceremony of trump national ferry point today. will be doing @greta interview tomorrow. so much to talk about! @jeniferstevens: @trumpferrypoint no one builds a golf course better than you. played trump ireland and scotland as well as us thanks jen! @vincefox73: donaldtrump @dnorrell @judgenap @freedomlives999 which is why he should run and show these clowns how things should be done. @alexx4111: @realdonaldtrump i don t even live in the states but i would still vote for you. trump4president. @nitya lal: @realdonaldtrump you should be president! i believe in you #trump2016 thanks. @babyfuzz1969: i want to see you represent we the people who want our country back. you will be the shining star at august 4th debate! @vmilaccio: jack nicklaus elated at official grand opening of ferry point via @nypost congrats @realdonaldtrump. @2014 vince: @realdonaldtrump all planet earth wants the deal king trump to clean up the bush..obama mess wow it can be done! @mitnasty33: @realdonaldtrump politicians and diapers must be changed often and for the same reason. - mark twain so true. @2014 vince: @njm4250 that means he can get the better of china..china control bush.obama.....trump usescontrols china.never loses. @gameanew: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #arealleader #usa and god bless our troops! #navy #army #marines #coastguard thanks. @bluewaterdays: would rather have a dynamic experienced businessman than a corrupt professional politician in the oval office donaldtrump. @ashbakali: sheer persistence is the difference between success and failure. donald trump. a quote from the late great golfer sam snead: practice puts brains in your muscles! this is true also in life. on 800 pristine miami acres @trumpdoral boasts luxurious accommodations world-class dining & championship golf. resolve never to quit never to give up no matter what the situation. -- jack nicklaus. @danscire @realdonaldtrump hi mr. trump i was at the new ferry point golf club today and it is beautiful! thanks. enjoy! in business you make decisions that are in your best interests. time for the us gov t to do the same. lets make america great again! @jacknicklaus elated at official grand opening of @trumpferrypoint via @nypost by @nypost willis. good advice from my father: know everything you can about what you re doing. -- fred c. trump. good advice from my mother: trust in god and be true to yourself. -- mary trump. @binkyboo415: @realdonaldtrump must run & must win! #2016. @fxlozano: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump he is transforming america. @wendyb5372: @greta @realdonaldtrump i love mr. trump s honesty. we need an honest and passionate leader and fire the rest! @raven claw2: @realdonaldtrump you re right mr. trump i am fed up with politicians! we need you to lead america and make our nation great. @meltsch: @foxnewsinsider @realdonaldtrump @greta i agree with this man in every way too bad more americans don t wake up . @dantedmoney: @foxnews yes donald right again...but they had give m hell harry for pres...not pres tweedledum & the nanny congress! @suzannesaxx: @realdonaldtrump. @ginajargirl: @realdonaldtrump @raven claw2 please please run! this country is going down the drain and it can t continue. @howardjax50: bush and obama surrounded themselves with inept yes men. trump will take advice from the finest nonpartisans in america! @puppyslug: @realdonaldtrump fed up with stupid polititians! donald trump is smart! he can make things go! please #makeamericagreatagain!! @melaniatrump: yesterday @trumpferrypoint opening day @realdonaldtrump @jacknicklaus #golf a great lady! @hokie6: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump the art of the deal in action. there s a pinch of reagan in there. thank you. @dakotanina: .@realdonaldtrump: we have a president who has no clue what he s doing. #greta. @bobby990r 1: @realdonaldtrump would lead polls the second he announces candidacy! america is waiting for him to lead us out of this mess! @sandraboag: @realdonaldtrump hopefully our future first lady!!! she would be amazing! @neciewelch: @realdonaldtrump a part of becoming a great leader is to claim it! do it. #trump2016. @bella270012: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump @trumpferrypoint @jacknicklaus beautiful lady! @robinfoxnews: @danaperino @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump. the only real capitalist you can honestly vote for. @bmckenna38: @realdonaldtrump potentially the most beautiful first lady of all time!!! true. @cryptohio: @realdonaldtrump @melaniatrump melania would be the best looking first lady we ve had in a looong time. @oefoif0506: @realdonaldtrump @puppyslug runtrump kick their a and get it on the right track. @pmadden86: @realdonaldtrump trump hotel vegas glistening in sunshine. @1muskyhunter: @suzannesaxx we need your leadership now in this country - enter the prez race please time for real change #trumpforprez. politicians are all talk and no action. bush and rubio couldn t answer simple question on iraq. they will never make america great again! @richjohnson1973: @realdonaldtrump for president. @mmvaletservicez: i wasn t satisfied just to earn a good living. i was looking to make a statement. donald trump. @vanityfair: donald trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the bronx. @meltsch: @foxnewsinsider @realdonaldtrump @greta i agree with this man in every way too bad more americans don t wake up . @foxnewsinsider: u.s. is a laughingstock obama has no clue what he s doing @greta. @ginajargirl: @realdonaldtrump @raven claw2 please please run! this country is going down the drain and it can t continue. @1muskyhunter: @realdonaldtrump @suzannesaxx love this guy - no fake account spread the word #trumpforprez. @elizawindso: @melaniatrump @trumpferrypoint @realdonaldtrump @jacknicklaus she ll never go out of style ... true! @pcm426: @realdonaldtrump @foxnewsinsider @greta everything obama touches goes to hell. @duncanebradbury: @realdonaldtrump @pmadden86 cool photo but i want to see trump glistening from inside the white house! @business: what its like to play @realdonaldtrumps new york city golf course. @luxury: whats it like to play donald trumps ferry point golf course in the bronx? watch listen and learn. you can t know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. donald trump. in the end you re measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish! via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: donald trump: we must make america great again. my @greta int. on @foxnews on how to defeat isis obama losing ground to isis & making america great again! get some face time in the spa at @trumplasvegas via @vegascom by rene libutti. via @americanthinker by malcolm unwell: taking trump seriously. common core is a federal takeover of school curriculum. department of education should be disbanded not expanded. focus on local education. obamacare premiums could jump as high as 51 terrible for economy. repeal & replace with free market solution! its time for politicians to be reminded they work for us! we can get it done. lets make america great again! face reality as it is not as it was or as you wish it to be. - @jack welch. i had a fantastic time with @jacknicklaus at the grand opening of the great @trumpferrypoint. watch the video-. @macresslertech: rt obamacare premiums could jump as high as 51 terrible for economy. repeal & replace. @alphainparis: @seanhannity donaldtrump is the 21st century ronald reagan. intelligent. bold. surrounded by good people. gets the job done. @elvisduranshow thanks for calling in @realdonaldtrump. always a pleasure to chat with you! #elvisontopoftheworld and my pleasure thanks. required reading 4 success in politics & life read @kimguilfoyle s book #makingthecase. brilliant advice ! entrepreneurs: get--and keep--your momentum going. without momentum a lot of great ideas go nowhere. entrepreneurs: set the example. you can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example. entrepreneurs: ask yourself: what can i provide that does not yet exist? be open to new ideas. be innovative! trump int l golf links & hotel ireland is on 400 beautiful acres & fronts the atlantic ocean for 2.5 miles. spectac! @trumpferrypoint was something weve been working on for years and donald trump got it to the finish line. - @rubendiazjr. donald trump to be in mason city june 4th via @kcha. via @paramuspost: @trumpsoho new york debuts sizzling summer offerings. icymi via @nypost by post editorial board: @trumpferrypoint: new gem in the bronx. confidence is contagious. so is lack of confidence. - vince lombardi. wow the economy is really bad! gross domestic product down 0.7 in 1st. quarter - and getting worse. i told you so! only i can fix. @jess blanch94: @realdonaldtrump time for you to announce and run for president mr. trump! #youhavemyvote. jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television. a wiseguy with no talent. not smart but convinces dopes he is! fading out fast. @geoscarborough: joe scarborough thinks donald trump can shake things up in 2016 election via @huffpostmedia. @celtoid2: @realdonaldtrump @geoscarborough @huffpostmedia your country needs you. run. @carrillo pete: @realdonaldtrump @geoscarborough @huffpostmedia i know he can and will. while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him and his dumb clown humor. too bad! all the haters and losers must admit that unlike others i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name. would never do that! @auburnfan2155: @realdonaldtrump jonathan stuart leibowitz. i would like to offer vice president biden my warmest condolences on the loss of his wonderful son beau. met him once great guy! for those of you that have conveniently fotgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker. his last effort was a real bomb in all ways ! @jollygoodman181: @realdonaldtrump the don is our guy... the man who will set things straight. donald trump for president. @jollygoodman181: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! @jsilva74366572: @realdonaldtrump vote for trump or we will end up having to learn mandarin. people please wake up. @dmhar: @dariusrucker what about playing at @realdonaldtrump s in florida. his golf course is amazing ! @kissangel864: @realdonaldtrump @jsilva74366572 then trump need to put his hat in the ring so we can vote for him. @joffcallaghan: not sure why i didn t follow @realdonaldtrump before now. seems like something i should have done ages ago... @yankeerunnerlv: bought 2 bottles of #empire cologne deodorant so that i can smell like a winner&a president! #trump2016 #pleaserun #thanks. @jrmcclaren: @realdonaldtrump stewart is not worth the attention you are giving him. probably true but it s fun to expose the overrated! @realbrockdriver: would give anything for @realdonaldtrump to run for president!! if there s anyone who can fix our country it s him!! @kgleipsic: counting down the days to june 16. why? @realdonaldtrump knows why. @nicksibrodi: @realdonaldtrump can t america wake up and realize we need a true patriot like yourself to lead this country. #trumpforprez. @ meganeve: #trump2016 #trumpforpresident #makesureyouvote @realdonaldtrump. @amazechristianl: @realdonaldtrump are you happy with current polls? congrats on the success so far. @jsilva74366572: @nicksibrodi vote for trump unless u want to keep getting fucked by isis china lobbyists and everyone else. @c shepler: @realdonaldtrump this trooper needs you to run. @jollygoodman181: @realdonaldtrump trump for president. @seppblatterp: i love my time at @trumpcollection! the staff handle my valuables with utmost care i always come away greatly satisfied! @plaisanceann: @realdonaldtrump trump for president!!! @wsjpolitics: donald trump s poll numbers would qualify him for a gop debate but carly fiorina and lindsey graham would be out. @great: money was never a big motivation for me except as a way to keep score. the real excitement is playing the game. - donald trump. @entreprenershp: as long as youre going to be thinking anyway think big. donald trump. @vanityfair: donald trump has constructed a wonder of a golf course in the bronx thank you. @yankzpat: hey! i hope to meet @realdonaldtrump on thursday in mason city ia and get an autograph and a picture! can t wait!! #trump2016. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! @pacsgirl36: @realdonaldtrump run !!! we need a real winner in the white house not another all talk no action politician! !! @jkellywwip: @realdonaldtrump killed it on @foxandfriends. @aalucero: @pacsgirl36 i luv donald trump in his sleep he is leaps & bounds over what we have now - i have no doubt he luvs america! @the truth sir: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends a great way to start out the monday. thanks! jon stewart is the most overrated joke on television. a wiseguy with no talent. not smart but convinces dopes he is! fading out fast. for those of you that have conveniently forgotten dummy jon stewart is a bad filmmaker. his last effort was a real bomb in all ways ! awarded 5 stars by @forbesinspector @trumpchicagos @sixteenchicago offers executive chef @cheflentss new menu. june 16th-. @zac dunnn2 my summer would be made if donald trump decides to submit a bid for a presidential campaign. we need trump! june 16th!! while jon stewart is a joke not very bright and totally overrated some losers and haters will miss him & his dumb clown humor. too bad! all the haters & losers must admit that unlike others i never attacked dopey jon stewart for his phony last name. would never do that! via @christiantoday: donald trump vows to be the greatest representative of christians if he wins white house. via @g liberty voice by melody dareing: donald trump wants to build a wall between u.s. and mexico. .@trumpgolfla is proud to be hosting @pgagrandslam where all 4 major champions will square off. october 2015. the constitution is the guide which i never will abandon - george washington. entrepreneurs: achievers move forward at all times. achievement is not a plateau it s a beginning. get out there & go for it! entrepreneurs: there s nothing wrong with bringing your talents to the surface. having an ego and acknowledging it is a healthy choice. entrepreneurs: set the bar high and resolve to be bigger than your problems. who s the boss? @pepsidaisy: donaldtrump wish i could be there! can t wait for 06 16 15 @ 11am! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump set s the highest bar of all he is great & will #makeamericagrateagain! he has smarts savvy knowhow! #tump2016. @puppyslug: i care about are country & that is why ill vote for @realdonaldtrump if he runs he better run coz amercia needs saving & fast. @louie avella: #trump2016 lets go @realdonaldtrump. @annnotari13: @realdonaldtrump just do it! @davidkaifaith: golf at donald trump s place is always a good idea. @jm9145: @realdonaldtrump please run!!! usa needs a leader! @jollygoodman181: vote trump for president 2016 americans last hope donald trump... let s take our country back. vote for the don 2016. @jm9145: @realdonaldtrump trump for president! @thatxystkid: i honestly believe that @realdonaldtrump would make a great president thank you. @amy pardue: @realdonaldtrump @puppyslug please sir run we need america back you can do this a true believer. @mikegallagher24: @realdonaldtrump check out what a great quarterback you once were. with jim kelly many years ago. @masterbaxter8: @realdonaldtrump awaiting your response on june 16. you would be the best ever. @dxkelley: @bobontcn does mister runyan think that donald trump would make a good president or a great president? great. @rickysplace1: @realdonaldtrump @dxkelley @bobontcn definitely a great president!! @kenziestruder: @realdonaldtrump for pres 2016. @rayyedman: rephrase & quote al davis. #justrunbaby #trump2016 don t disappoint. there isn t another way 2 make america great again. @patzann66 @realdonaldtrump time for usa to get back on track trump for president. the spa @trumpwaikiki offers unique treatments that use traditional hawaiian botanicals & healing techniques. too bad i don t get this for political speeches- they cost me a fortune! @tradingforex24: sometimes your best investments are the ones you do not make. donald trump 03.06 07:45. @mikegallagher24: @collinsworthsnf interview @realdonaldtrump during jim kelly shootout.. @sebufrick: after watching 2h trump interviews i came to the conclusion that he might have a shot at the presidency in 2016 #trump2016 #? @mjosephsheppard: sound the trumpets for a trump 2016 presidential run hear what he has to say @realdonaldtrump. @vilmawolfe03 @realdonaldtrump @davevin73 #you get my #vote for president of the unites states of america! the trans-pacific partnership will increase our trade deficits & send even more jobs overseas. this is a bad deal. time for smart trade! i love it when people doubt me. it makes me work harder to prove them wrong. derek jeter. looking forward to visiting mason city iowa tomorrow. will be my 8th day in the hawkeye state this year! via @carrgaz: trump to jet in to unveil trump @turnberrybuzz clubhouse. bureaucratic red tape and overregulation are discouraging the american dream. its time for a bold new direction! excited to be returning to the @ncgop state convention as the keynote of saturdays dinner! @ncgop is a strong conservative state party! just as i predicted while obama lifted sanctions 18 months ago iran cheated & increased its nuclear fuel by 20 . we must double sanctions! fortunately for a quarterback you can play for a long time because you don t get hit very often. tom brady @superbowl @patriots. @alex wj milne: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you there in the tar heel state! #trump2016. @123jayne: @realdonaldtrump i have just one question please...will you be running for president 2016? we really need you! entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one. re negotiation: think about what the other side wants. know where they re coming from. view any conflict as an opportunity. be flexible. entrepreneurs: vision remains vision until you focus do the work and bring it down to earth where it will do some good. trump nat l golf club philadelphia is a 360 acre beauty and an award winning tom fazio designed course--fantastic! @raerae luv i m on the fence but if @realdonaldtrump runs then i m all good. via @kcrg by @markwcarlson: donald trump stops in coralville. standing room only in mason city iowa! thanks to the record crowd of over 400 supporters! standing ovation after promising to bring the american dream back and better than ever before! with great patriots in mason city who also want to bring the american dream back! we can make america great again! @blueyesbeauty: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 epic things will be done! he will make the changes that we need! @neyam760: trump 4 president! @realdonaldtrump. @closethedealtv: go to work be smart think positively and win! @realdonaldtrump #quote. @eatsleepdan: i want to see @realdonaldtrump run for president. one of the worst and most boring political pundits on television is @krauthammer. a totally overrated clown who speaks without knowing facts. @foxandfriends: donald trump: i would be the jobs president. @bobzilla305: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer is a progressive making money off of the conservative viewership a total loser! .@krauthammer pretends to be a smart guy but if you look at his record he isn t. a dummy who is on too many fox shows. an overrated clown! @delna 42: donaldtrump you re going to be the greatest president this country has ever seen. i hope you win. #trump2016 #commanderinchief. @justariot66: @realdonaldtrump no bs donald if you run i m in pa you will get my vote for sure. @yankzpat: hey! i got my photos autographed and shook @realdonaldtrump s hand in mason city. #june16th. dummy political pundit @krauthammer constantly pressed the crazy war in iraq. many lives and trillions of dollars wasted. u.s. got nothing! @krauthammer: on sale today. things that matter in paperback. with a new section on the obama years. book sucks! @webdanny: @realdonaldtrump @yankzpat if you don t run then gop has nothing hence hilary is a shoe in i agree! was in iowa yesterday-great people. record crowds at both speeches. something big is happening. pols are all talk. make america great again! @wallys1700: @realdonaldtrump our country seriously needs you now please run for pres #trump2016. @thermoclinee hey @realdonaldtrump - had a spectacular round @trumpferrypoint - drove the green on #7. awesome track! great views! thanks. trump international golf club turnberry scotland -- home to four of the greatest open championships of all time.. via @dmregister by @bylineandydavis: donald trump speaks to veterans residents in coralville. looking forward to keynoting the @ncgop #ncgopcon dinner tomorrow night! @ncgop is a top state party! .@gretchencarlson s memoir is a powerful example of perseverance & hope. getting real is as real as it gets. get it & enjoy! #gettingreal. donald trump: ive made up my mind on 2016 via @msnbc by @janestreet. via @globegazette by @ggmaryp: trump: we ll bring american dream back. @siddiquehash @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer i agree donald! @2014 vince @realdonaldtrump @ncgop donald for president..a true patriot. @ebhockeyfan @gretchencarlson one thing i truly admire about trump.he is very loyal & supportive of his friends. he also says it like is. china just hacked our federal government & stole gov. workers information. why do our leaders let china get away with this?! no respect. we must stop common core from controlling state & local curriculums. it is a federal grab of education. keep education local! our nation has a duty to care for our vets & their families. it s time to do it! lets make america great again! our runaway judiciary is badly in need of restraint by congress. - phyllis schlafly. @stl blonde: i believe ... no i know that @realdonaldtrump would be a better president than hillaryclinton. @thebingle: @greta @realdonaldtrump will be refreshing to have views from someone else who s not a politician or community organizer imo. @stl blonde: one of my favorite all-time @foxnews moments: when @realdonaldtrump let @megynkelly touch his hair. @cdgrafics: @greta @realdonaldtrump i d vote for him and his morals are a lot healthier the bill clintons. he knows business and con men. @stl blonde: the thing that s so wonderful about @realdonaldtrump ... most people would act just like him if they were billionaires. true. @knight276: @realdonaldtrump @cdgrafics @greta exactly he knows how to win important. @seankesser: @realdonaldtrump @knight276 @cdgrafics @greta it s about time we had a president who doesn t need to care about his money. @mjvictory: @stl blonde dt is a better choice than any candidate on either side based on his vision of prosperity & national security. @jeffrey gorski: @realdonaldtrump the time is now please get out in front of the herd and announce give us some hope. @viksquad: @realdonaldtrump you are the man for the job. @mariofmartinezz: i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump announcement on june 16. great. @bluewaterdays: a visionary who loves america @realdonaldtrump thanks. going to north carolina to make keynote speech - sold out crowd! just introduced at #ncgopcon as the country s highest paid speaker. told the record crowd of 650 i am to be speaking here for free! received a standing applause at #ncgopcon when i said to have free trade be fair for the us we need really intelligent negotiators. just said at #ncgopcon that politicians are all talk and no action and we are all tired of it! we need action and results to move forward! just received applause at #ncgopcon when i said people ask me why i may run for president-- i might so we can make america great again! just made the point at #ncgopcon that we have to protect our border & i think everyone here knows nobody can build a wall like trump! just said at #ncgopcon that i m not beholden to lobbyists and donors! no special interest would control me if i were in office. just received a standing ovation at #ncgopcon when i said we need to bring the american dream back better and stronger than ever before! via @newsobserver by @raleighreporter: in raleigh donald trump all but announces presidential bid. @jeffjeffsc777:i believe the country is going to think when voting for our next president it s about results that s why trump runs he wins. @c shepler: @realdonaldtrump @newsobserver @raleighreporter great news! @jeffjeffsc777:the presidential candidates are about to be trumped this will be a landslide the country is ready for a leader with results. @jeffjeffsc777: timing is relevant. this is your time. the other candidates don t have an answer if they did they d use it trump time! @neo salamander: @realdonaldtrump you re the type of guy we need in the white house you want to see the usa at the top. @abrahaml1nx: isis would already be on ice if @realdonaldtrump was the president. we need you sir. #mymantrump2016. @abraham: my only regret is that there isn t 3 donaldtrump s so my daughters could marry the smartest most handsome man in the world! cute. @jeffjeffsc777: mr trump can speak the difference he s actually speaking of real accomplishments of risk he s had to finance on his own! @realtysteve: mr. trump i have been connected with you by one step through 3 different people in my life and you would be a great prez! going to scotland ireland & other places in europe to close up deals. getting ready for the june 16th announcement @trumptowerny! will be doing @foxandfriends live tomorrow at 7am et from europe. loved doing #ncgopconvention keynote speech last night! unbelievable reception. had the biggest crowds by far of any of the gop candidates. @cevazzulia: you have to think anyway so why not think big? donald trump. so true! @seetek au: watch listen and learn. you cant know it all yourself. anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity. donald trump. trump national golf club los angeles offers 18 holes fronting the pacific ocean on the palos verdes peninsula. amazing nh poll released! we are getting ready to make america great again! via @gravismarketing: new hampshire poll: trump into top-tier status. trump turnberry is a spectacular place--and home to four of the greatest open championships of all time. trump int l hotel & tower new york includes central park views & our signature restaurant jean georges. perfection! via @newsmax media by poll: trump surges among gop hopefuls in nh. @ladypatriot777 @realdonaldtrump i think he s worth a very serious look. he speaks boldly like reagan and is was a big fan of reagan! via the new york times. @liberty4uanme @ladypatriot777 @rushlimbaugh got to do something though! too many times they lied to us. for some reason i trust trump. dee dee sorvino @deedeegop i am betting on trump. via @thetodaysgolfer @trumpscotland gets new clubhouse. @hugshenderson @golfmonthly @realdonaldtrump he s a legend. does so much good for scottish golf thanks. via hardball with chris matthews. @garywhalentv a pleasure to film at the beautiful @trumpscotland links course & club house. thanks to @realdonaldtrump & @donaldjtrumpjr.. thank you. thank you @crainschicago for featuring @trumpchicago in your list of best private dining rooms in chicago. @matthewladzik the golden rule of negotiating: he who has the gold makes the rules @realdonaldtrump great read #midastouch #thankyou. our @trumpnewyork is really starting the summer on the right foot with their #wellness program as seen in @tandcmag:. entrepreneurs: follow your own pathit will bring you to the places you were meant to be. entrepreneurs: take responsibility for yourself. its a very empowering attitude. entrepreneurs: review your work habits regularly and make sure they are taking you in the right direction. keep your focus intact. @donaldjtrumpjr: a pic with @realdonaldtrump from a long time ago #throwbackthursday a wonderful son! @erikwill: @realdonaldtrump @crainschicago @trumpchicago i appreciate the consistent focus on quality across trump brands. @theusalifestyle: @gop #donaldtrump #election2016 it will happen gop must support donald trump #gop #politics. @chris r 2014: @realdonaldtrump @theusalifestyle @gop trump all the way! @jencromartie: @realdonaldtrump needs to run for president #election2016 #donaldtrump. @marcopolomacon: @realdonaldtrump what are you waiting for? we are waiting for you to make america great again. please run! june 16th. @ipatriotmedia: texans do not support rinos we damn sure don t support #jebbush2016 texans want leadership we want @realdonaldtrump. @bella270012: @realdonaldtrump @jencromartie waiting on that 6 16 announcement. please don t disappoint me..... stay tuned. @dillonconrad0: if @realdonaldtrump ran for president in 2016 i d be one happy camper. @realterrypatton: @realdonaldtrump @jencromartie do it mr. trump we are screwed if you don t. i agree! thank you @crainschicago for featuring @trumpchicago in your list of best private dining rooms in chicago. congratulations to @trumppanama for winning the 2015 traveler s choice award from @tripadvisor. video: trump golf links at ferry point @trumpferrypoint. thank you. great thanks. thanks. thanks & i won t let you down. @scott marx can t wait to hear @realdonaldtrump run for president and fix our country! #trump2016. there is. thank you. thank you. thanks. thank you. @ekspindler @realdonaldtrump @bellaxbionda go get em donald! enough with the pc crap. tell it like it is and actually fix problems. looking for father s day gift? @miamimagazine named the spa @trumpdoral one of the best places for men to relax. @phate71 @realdonaldtrump its time to make america great again. lets do this! #trump2016. entrepreneurs: keep your eyes on your ideals as well as reality. accentuate the positive without being blind to the negative. entrepreneurs: dont sell yourself short. dont ever think youve done it all already or that youve done your best. entrepreneurs: focus on your goals not on fixed patterns. do what s necessary and what s unnecessary will be made clear. entrepreneurs: do not go where the path may lead go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -- ralph waldo emerson. true! thank you. thanks. should not pass--bad deal! thank you. @jrooneyiii @realdonaldtrump the country needs you now more than ever. you will be the one to bring the respect back. #trump2016 thx. thank you. @woodrowwinters @realdonaldtrump pumped for tuesday. the road to getting american back starts next week. thanks. @toryireland: @realdonaldtrump only #trump2016 has what it takes to stop hillary rodham clinton! stophillary #nobama. @purpleheartwife: @realdonaldtrump i ll volunteer to help your campaign in fl. thanks. @jrmcclaren: @purpleheartwife had it with politicians. they never solve problems just do the bidding of donors lobbyist. #trump2016. @jrmcclaren: @toryireland @realdonaldtrump is gops best chance to win in nov. 2016. #makeamericagreatagain. @hogan211: @realdonaldtrump i have had it with career politicians.. you will have my vote mr. trump!!! nobody owns you! i am really happy that hillary made her speech right under trump world tower! remember politicians are all talk and no action - they will never be able to make our country great again! controlled by lobbyists & donors. @daremagic: lets make this country great again and bring back the entrepreneur spirit! the only person to do that is donaldtrump #trump2016. @doomsdayfan: please run! i m with you till the end! everyone who wants to #makeamericangreatagain is! vote for trump 2016! god bless. @purpleheartwife: @realdonaldtrump you have some military caregivers in fl ready to back you! @sherrimarie73 thanks call corey. @timwbyrd: donaldtrump i have so much faith in you that if you ran for president i know your the only one who could get america out of debt. @nphbalanced: @realdonaldtrump has depth stammina man of the world briliant negotiater & not being polititian he has power. @mirrorgrrl: truly great men come along only once a genration. donaldtrump is that man. has it all- gentle wisdomfierce biz savvyiq. wow! @veryodddog: @realdonaldtrump trump trump - you are the only one america needs right now the only one who can save amercia god bless u sir. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrump you are the man! you are the only one of substance! u r real deal never bull or hot air #makeamerciagreatagain! make america great again! @angiecallahan4: @realdonaldtrump we need to pray to god for this to happen. god please make america great again. amen! @knight276: being a great president requires great negotiating skills. trump a master negotiator can make america great again. true! @mikelongonyc: @realdonaldtrump happy birthday! can t wait for the announcement on tuesday i ll be there! @justrelaxfornow: as a nation yearns for justice and equality that nation hopes donald trump will run for president. june 16 2015. tuesday will be a big day for our country to do a complete turnaround. make america great again! tomorrow will be a really big day for america. make america great again! @futuristichub: @realdonaldtrump i d vote twice for you if i could. actually i can! on your second term as president! go get em mr. trump! @medicimario: @realdonaldtrump pls run u would be great! @fyrftr211: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. time for a true leader to lead our great country! @zstr8up: after the liberal 60 s and 70 s how did we end up with reagan? hollywood. the donald may have a serious chance. @realdonaldtrump. @looneytunes002: politicians are not going to get us out of this mess. they are all talk. #simpletruth #makeamericagreatagain. @subdoc101:trump said on @foxandfriends today ppl are asking why would anyone give up his lifestyle to be #potus. the answer is #trumpcares. tomorrow at 11am #makeamericagreatagain. live on #periscope. thanks. great! will do thanks. @durandsentinus @jebbush may get headlines today but @realdonaldtrump will dominate news for week regardless of his announcement tomorrow. thanks. great! do we really need another bush in the white house--- we have had enough of them. @realjoemurray: hopefully tomorrow is the day we start to make america great again! looking forward to it @realdonaldtrump. #trump2016. @brentcfritz: today is the day america becomes great again. @realdonaldtrump has some huge news that will shock the world #trump4president. @insuraider: @realdonaldtrump is going to make hillary s head spin tomorrow morning. presidential debate? yes please. #trump2016. @donjubber: @realdonaldtrump shock the world!#trump4president. @pianobecca: @realdonaldtrumpno amercian really can impactsuch staggering influence. stay true! great and savvy bizman! america: great! @isabelsimon80: @realdonaldtrump @brentcfritz donald has as good of a chance as anyone else.. people like him...no more politician s... @knight276: @realdonaldtrump @realjoemurray america can be great again with trump at the helm. confidence counts. @ snurk: @realdonaldtrumplove it! always respect fighters over overrated loser polititians!! inspire greatness! #trump #2016. @rg radical99: counting down the hours to @realdonaldtrump announcement! ready for america to become great again. supporting you mr. trump. @rhumeey: i really would want to see what america would look like...with @realdonaldtrump at the helm of affairs. @nickyflash2: #trump4president #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @jarod pitmon10: i am a full supporter of #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump is a guy that will help this country. @premuse: @realdonaldtrump let s take this country back. #trumpleeds2016. @desheay: @realdonaldtrump your twitter banner is awesome. cant wait for tomorrow.....trump 2016.. @davidsbaldwin: @realdonaldtrump today s the day #trump2016! good luck! @jaketapper: donaldtrump in iowa says i have a gucci store that s worth more money than romney fact check: true. big time in u.s. today - make america great again! politicians are all talk and no action - they can never bring us back. thanks. @appsame we are going to listen @realdonaldtrump if you are really running & if you keep to your word you really have a great chance to win. it is almost time. i will be making a major announcement from @trumptowerny at 11am. follow on social media! #makeamericagreatagain. make sure to follow me on @periscopeco #makeamericagreatagain. in one hour i will be making a major announcement from trump tower. watch it live on periscope! make sure to follow me on @periscopeco. i will be streaming my announcement at 11am. 11am #makeamericagreatagain. thanks geraldo you re a champion. live on #periscope: major announcement! #makeamericagreatagain. i am officially running for president of the united states. #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain. thanks eric. today i officially declared my candidacy for president of the united states. watch the video of my full speech-. dear @kimguilfoyle thank you so much for your nice words today on @thefive. will not be forgotten! in iowa now. packed house! @ericbolling watched you on my flight to iowa. will not be forgotten. thanks @greggutfeld. really nice! im glad i did your show. @greggutfeldshow. @ericbolling in additionno doubt you would have been amazing on @apprenticenbc! keep up the great work. enjoyed watching @monicacrowley s analysis of my @billoreilly interview. great points! thank you monica. @gabigayle @foxnews @realdonaldtrump he doesnt need anyone s money and can speak the truth because of it! go donald! thank you sarah--let s have pizza in new york soon with you & your great family. only a fool would buy the @nydailynews. loses fortune & has zero gravitas. let it die! we need someone with experience to rebuild america. #makeamericagreatagain. heading to new hampshire. #makeamericagreatagain. speaking to great patriots @mcc ct. my first visit to granite state since declaring my candidacy! #fitn. thank you. trump int l hotel & tower chicago has received accolades for design service & our signature restaurant sixteen. the tragedy in south carolina is incomprehensible. my deepest condolences to all. watch my appearance on @morning joe - great interview! trump nat l golf club philadelphia 360 beautiful acres as designed by tom fazio with views of the philly skyline. @justinborges1 trump 4 president...has a nice ring to it. about time someone who isn t afraid to say do what s necessary took the reigns. @megliq: ive been saying donald trump for prez since 2nd grade.i am your biggest fan look i met u @realdonaldtrump. @andybran: @joenbc mr. trump nailed it! wow: after doubts economists find china kills u.s. factory jobs -. @mrinsaf: @realdonaldtrump @andybran @joenbc @keichri i believe donald trump will always make the best deal for his people. @cliffshep: @realdonaldtrump you ve got my vote!! @hufseyg: i ve waited to vote for @realdonaldtrump since i was little. i can t wait for 2016. @elizwatkins: @realdonaldtrump so how many more days until you are in office? #presidenttrump #letstalkbusiness. @holyselena: @realdonaldtrump you are such a bright man. you have my vote!! @hollyammon: @andybran @joenbc donald trump has been telling anyone who would listen about the chinese currency manipulation. so true. @dcfoodsafety: mr. trump you re the candidate that we have been waiting for you tell it real and you will get it done you have my vote! @chaddryann: keep doing what you re doing! you re attracting attention and people are talking more then they were before! #trump2016. @smw5683: @realdonaldtrump donald trump will do this country good! he is a businessman & will know how to grow our economy. just watched brian williams on @todayshow - very sad! brian should get on with a new life and not start all over at @msnbc. stop apologizing. @williamonlyrent why is government run by politicians? it s a huge business and needs a businessman to run it successfully! #trump2016. @thehickman33 let s get the trump trending #makeamericagreatagain #thedoniscoming #trumpcard #vets4trump. @llambert0207 i ve always said the country needs to be run like a major corporation it takes a brilliant businessman #power #donaldtrump. goofy political pundit george will spoke at mar-a-lago years ago. i didnt attend because hes boring & often wronga total dope! george will was a big iraq fool. 2 trillion thousands of lives lost -- & we got nothing! dummy. has charles @krauthammer ever apologized for being so totally wrong on iraq? i called it right in every waymake america great again! hillary clinton reaches new low. #trumpvlog. stop saying i went bankrupt. i never went bankrupt but like many great business people have used the laws to corporate advantagesmart! people buy deals & immediately put them into bankruptcy in order to make better deals. its a very effective & commonly used business tool. almost every major dealmaker has used the bankruptcy laws as a business tool. icahn black zellbut nobody says they went bankrupt! out of hundreds of deals & transactions i have used the bankruptcy laws a few times to make deals better. nothing personal just business. via @washtimes by @charleshurt: donald trump declares war on lying street-hustlers of congress. our country is in a major crisis of incompetent leadership. we cannot continue to go on with these politicians who do nothing but talk. @stevenkirk @realdonaldtrump @patrickbuchanan great article .. at least #thedonald is finally saying what us average working people know! why did @danaperino beg me for a tweet endorsement when her book was launched? i like mexico and love the spirit of mexican people but we must protect our borders from people from all over pouring into the u.s. mexico is killing the united states economically because their leaders and negotiators are far smarter than ours. but nobody beats trump! druggies drug dealers rapists and killers are coming across the southern border. when will the u.s. get smart and stop this travesty? @bobbybnews: the only person running for president that will not betray america for money is donald trump. fox is cutting him down reagan! @andrewwagner29: its pretty clear that @realdonaldtrump would absolutely destroy hillaryclinton in a debate & i really wanna see it happen. @tea alliance: @realdonaldtrump @bobbybnews the establishment fears trump! they are afraid to make america great again. @njoh1234: @realdonaldtrump trump speech is on c-span right now...f.y.i. my speech is right now on c-span 1. thank you @anncoulter for your nice words. the u.s. is becoming a dumping ground for the world. pols don t get it. make america great again! @breitbartvideo: .@anncoulter: trump has best shot in general election via @ianhanchett. @senzulean: america should be so lucky to have @realdonaldtrump even consider leading our nation thank you. who would you rather have negotiating for the u.s. against putin iran china etc. donald trump or hillary? is there even a little doubt? @riggs101: carl icahn: donald trump is completely correct that we are in a bubble like you ve never seen before. @sugarhoney157: @realdonaldtrump he really is a great business man and gets the job done right. so true! @nishantagg23: donald trump is the only hope for a crumbling american economy. hope my american friends choose trump. @i dont know her: @realdonaldtrump you are the best candidate for president in a long time. hope you win thanks. @nytimes: if youre a betting man its time to start believing donald trump. via @nypost by @jonathontrugman: donald trumps resume backs his run for president. happy father s day to all! i had a wonderful and loving father. via @breitbartnews by @aswoyer: exclusive: trump slams obamatrade stands up for american jobs. .@karlrove who spent 430 million in the last cycle and didn t win one race said i m not a candidate until i file papers. next week karl! @bk00023: donald trump s resume backs his run for president @realdonaldtrump #greta @thisweekabc thank you so true. @candythomas3583: @realdonaldtrump i tend to vote for democratic candidates but i feel excited about you in the presidential race. @utwey: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove can t wait for debates! dt will crush them could happen! .@martharaddatz was so unprofessional and biased when discussing me on this week. @gstephanopoulos should not allow this conduct! the great mike wallace covered me in a much more professional manner than his son chris wallace of @foxnews. mike was a total pro! @jakekonczyk: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove the best candidate! #gotmyvote #makeamericagreatagain. @fackinpeter: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove theyre all jealous of your success #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain thanks. @auburnfan2155: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove karl rove destroyed the republican party. time to rebuild it. true! .@karlrove stated clearly that he wants to repeal the 2nd amendment. i thought @foxnews was going to fire that jerk after his romney fiasco? @mrbrentallen: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove @foxnews i watched the @karlrove interview. he sounds like an unpatriotic dolt. trump 2016! @teambobbyewing: @foxnews @karlrove i am stunned that rove would suggest repealing the #2a! that will not solve the problem imo! .@karlrove still thinks romney won! he doesn t have a clue! @foxnews. @shawncrazyshawn: i have loved you since wrestlemania when i was kid. i grew up & see what you re all about. i am behind you all the way! @hyannis1952: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews believe they are worried you may win! @jpjac: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews why is it that fox loved you until you declared as a candidate??? good question! @bdckool: i do believe that trump has the intestinal fortitude to set right all the wrongs of the current administration. #trump2016. @joncford: @realdonaldtrump @teambobbyewing @foxnews @karlrove i m just about done with fox news! @isaacnewyorker: finally somebody with real intelligence & leadership is runnig for president mr @realdonaldtrump. #makeamericagreatagain. @pbstwo: @realdonaldtrump @hyannis1952 @foxnews the donald owes nothing to lobbyists. he could restore our republic. true. @alaskan gypsy: @foxnews @seanhannity indicated he would support you if you ran. let s see if he puts his money where his mouth is! @kirkcameronfan: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews because they re afraid of you! #trump2016 #american. @lauralynn1955: @realdonaldtrump - @oreillyfactor loves you. it was obvious to me when you were on the day you announced. bill o is great. @isaacnewyorker: i said when trump ran for president i was gonna be the happiest man on earthwhen he winsall americans will be #trump16. @sallyvp: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump tell america they are fired! bring some respect and balls back to the usa. @jakeawk: donald trump is the only candidate that is incorruptible and he will get rid off all of the incompetence ruining our country. @jessyandcandy: trump you got my vote. with your proven resume os success. people would be nuts not to vote for you. trump2016. @cota2012: @realdonaldtrump @hyannis1952 @foxnews it s amazing how people fear a change for the better. sadly i will no longer be doing @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. on mondays. this is because i am running for president and law prohibits. love! i want to thank elizabeth steve brian and all of the great folks of @foxandfriends for the long and successful run we had together. nice! @williamonlyrent @realdonaldtrump only a fool will underestimate #trump2016. trump will surprise everybody and america needs him. .@deneenborelli thank you for your nice words--greatly appreciated. thank you. @sovadjeast the usa is like wollman rink or ferrypoint before djt. you came you saw and built a masterpiece. now it s the usa s turn. @carsonbonner @realdonaldtrump a businessman that understands the world s business politics. #trump2016. hillary clinton dominates the pack in fake twitter followers. .@jordanspieth great job--you are a true champion! see you soon. @abishurprakash my latest piece on @realdonaldtrump winning the foreign policy race. #trump2016. it s time for government to stop picking winners & losers. lets make sure everyone can achieve the american dream! who do you want negotiating for us? #makeamericagreatagain. flashback jeb bush received a 4m tax payer bailout in 1990 guess who was potus then? the senate must not pass tpa! any senator who votes for it is disqualified for being potus. protect the american worker and manufacturer! entrepreneurs: negotiation is an art. treat it like one. entrepreneurs: be tough be smart be personable but don t take things personally. that s good business. entrepreneurs: brainpower is the ultimate leverage. don t underestimate yourself or your possibilities. .@danaperino have you released a copy of the beautiful thank you card you sent me? would you like to see it? @ericbolling @kimguilfoyle. @nojoed: @realdonaldtrump @karlrove karl why don t you sit this election cycle out we had enough losers to last us a life time. true. true. @malachinorris: donald j. trump is the very definition of the american success story. through trump we can bring back the american dream. @luckydoginwesty: @realdonaldtrump @fl girl979 i ll be voting for mr. trump. @troubic i m definitely voting for @realdonaldtrump i would love to see what a real businessman can do for our economy! today i filed my statement of candidacy with the fec. let s #makeamericagreatagain. via @bpolitics by @emtitus: defying doubters donald trump makes presidential bid official. donald trump files statement of candidacy via @cbsnews. @meaganshamy: .@scottfordtvguy @brandenharvey i was at @trumplasvegas when @realdonaldtrump announced president bid. he s got my vote. @wginetta: we are gonna need @realdonaldtrump in 2016 to un-negotiate everything obama said he negotiated #makeamericagreatagain true. @ bri: this is the first election i ll be able to vote and my vote goes to trump because i want to live in a great country! #trump2016. @williamonlyrent so sick of politicians sugar coating problems and issues. it will be so great to have #trump2016 say it like it is! @wordgirlsmith @realdonaldtrump please keep telling all of america that jobs jobs jobs are important to us because you are right!!! @cwilliams rltr @realdonaldtrump. i am so happy you are running for president. you have my vote. via @wsjpolitics by @reidepstein: trump surges in popularity in n.h. @stevenfclifford @realdonaldtrump thank you for running. you have my vote and i m spreading the word. we need you there to fix this mess. my @gretawire interview on @foxnewsinsider trump: last person i d want negotiating for me is obama. @kolbytraveller #trump is more than just talk. i hope he wins the election and gets something done for once in this country. #trump2016. via @fitsnews:donald trump surges in new hampshire poll: mogul reality star emerges as granite states anti-bush. speaking at the red white and blue dinner in maryland-. the highly respected suffolk university poll just announced that i am alone in 2nd place in new hampshire with jeb bust bush in first. politician @senatorcardin didn t like that i said baltimore needs jobs & spirit. it s politicians like cardin that have destroyed baltimore. @tryeye @realdonaldtrump very strong start mr. president! thanks. thank you. my daughter ivanka will be representing me today at the opening of our campaign office in manchester nh #makeamericagreatagain! .@neilyoung a few months ago neil young came to my office looking for on an audio deal & called me last week to go to his concert. wow! for the nonbeliever here is a photo of @neilyoung in my office and his requesttotal hypocrite. .@neilyoungs song rockin in the free world was just one of 10 songs used as background music. didnt love it anyway. @barbgee68: @realdonaldtrump excellent! i still can t believe voters have jeb in front of you. haven t americans learned anything? no! @markagiarrusso: @realdonaldtrump go get em donald. @lionstrinitycap: @realdonaldtrump unmatched presidential campaign...trump restores america s credit rating to aaa in 3-4 yrs. @adeeasthope: @realdonaldtrump i m voting for #trump for ceo of these united states time to haul ass #trump2016 great. @ laurenharding: @realdonaldtrump not to mention that there s a whole lot of people who never got asked me included !!! #trump2016 cute. uncomfortable looking nbc reporter willie geist calls me to ask for favors and then mockingly smiles when he is told of my high poll numbers. just out the new nationwide @foxnews poll has me alone in 2nd place closely behind jeb bush-but bush will never make america great again! i am really beginning to respect mark halperin and john heilemann as political reporters - they truly get why trump poll numbers are high. the ratings for the view are really low. nicole wallace and molly sims are a disaster. get new cast or just put it to sleep. dead t.v. .@whoopigoldberg had better surround herself with better hosts than nicole wallace who doesn t have a clue. the show is close to death! my daughter ivanka did great tonight in new hampshire. the sold out crowd loved her and she loved them. thanks ivanka! my message make america great again is beginning to take hold. bring back our jobs strengthen our military and borders help our vets! @municheleven: baseball hotdogs apple pie and a vote for @realdonaldtrump in 502 days! on 11 08 2016 we make our country great again! @danielamarino: @foxnews enough with #bush #clinton and the same faces every damn year. we need fresh new ppl that r not greedy. u r d one. @tarahollyfigure: @realdonaldtrump we are counting on you mr. trump. i believe you are the answer to #makeamericagreatagain. @nickcokley: @realdonaldtrump my first vote ever will be for one of the most historic businessmen in history. we have to bring back and cherish the middle class - once the backbone and true strength of the u.s.a. it can happen! @ gold4money: @thepatriot143 @realdonaldtrump trump is as honest as they come. he wants a border and doesn t hide it. #trumpforpresident. @mitestarossa: jeb bush should support donald trump for president i agree! i hear that dopey political pundit lawrence o donnell one of the dumber people on television is about to lose his show-no ratings?too bad. @gneumann wkow: new national 2016 gop poll from @foxnews - @jebbush leads field @realdonaldtrump second. governor rick scott of florida did really poorly on television this morning. i hope he is o.k. @nanaelaine7 @realdonaldtrump only you can make it great again. your plan is the only one inside reality. make america great with trump. @jwcesare i appreciate @realdonaldtrump and his straight talk. our country needs this. mexican gov doesn t want me talking about terrible border situation & horrible trade deals. forcing univision to get me to stop- no way! univision wants to back out of signed @missuniverse contract because i exposed the terrible trade deals that the u.s. makes with mexico. i love mexico but not the unfair trade deals that the us so stupidly makes with them. really bad for us jobs only good for mexico. once again the bush appointed supreme court justice john roberts has let us down. jeb pushed him hard! remember! anyone who wants strong borders and good trade deals for the us should boycott @univision. .@univision cares far more about mexico than it does about the u.s. are they controlled by the mexican government? if i win the presidency my judicial appointments will do the right thing unlike bush s appointee john roberts on obamacare. letter to @univision - re: @trumpdoral. @bass705: @realdonaldtrump thank you mr.trump for standing up for america my great honor! @robrucker: the greatest social program is a job -donald trump. when somebody challenges you unfairly fight back - be brutal be tough - don t take it. it is always important to win! when you are in a war or even a battle losing is not an option! .@billmaher: bill you are really beginning to understand what is going on with trump - actually you always knew! only very stupid people think that the united states is making good trade deals with mexico.mexico is killing us at the border and at trade! the leader and negotiators representing mexico are far smarter and more cunning than the leader and negotiators representing the u.s.! i ll be in iowa tonight making a speech to a record setting crowd. the word is getting out make america great again! @tonyewen: @reaganworld @realdonaldtrump is the real deal! when was the last time we had someone with true conviction for us? @chris d2: @realdonaldtrump go get em!! how does it feel to be the next potus? #trump2016 thanks for the spirit! @therealjuice88: i m working real hard mr trump getting you votes in boston rhode island area! #ibelieve #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. a great article by @noltencspelling out the truth on mexico trade the border & illegals. thank you @breitbartnews. must read article via @fitsnews: donald trump versus mexico. addressing record crowd @ madison county iowa gop dinner. we can bring common sense to dc & make america great again! @incorrectpoliti: establishment government media and hollywood are killing america. make america great again ! @realdonaldtrump. @rtoneff25: @realdonaldtrump just kicked ass on fox news. guy is a winner thank you! @govtstheproblem: the appeal of donald trump to people is that he s a fighter not a republican surrender monkey. @joseangelsp500: @realdonaldtrump trump for president! trump2016! @deandesign101: why not @realdonaldtrump? he knows how to create wealth jobs and is not a wimp. #donaldtrump #foxandfriends. @johnmarzan: @rubennavarrette trump is right. giving illegals the right to vote will destroy the gop and turn dems into dominant party. @gzervs: @realdonaldtrump is americas only chance. he will #makeamericagreatagain. @bucwaas: @realdonaldtrump please get elected! be the next reagan! you can do it! thanks! @stephprichard1: @realdonaldtrump gop: trump s fearless war with univision only increases his appeal - breitbart. @davidco71875026: @realdonaldtrump @govtstheproblem you say what the working people are thinking. proud to support you. don t back down ! @oates tom: @realdonaldtrump congrats on running! you tell it like it is.....which is rare. @jamesgo31991021: @realdonaldtrump @johnmarzan @rubennavarrette donald trump is the man thanks. @nycstadsliv: @realdonaldtrump @stephprichard1 you have my vote mr. trump give em hell. i will. @mjh811: @realdonaldtrump @oates tom you are the only one with guts. we need that!! have my vote! great. @jasonkoster17: in @realdonaldtrump we trust.. #makeamericagreatagain. @freedomhaawk: @realdonaldtrump don t let them try to school you or try to rearrange you you have a mind of your own.stay sharp. i will! @wginetta: @cnnsotu the @realdonaldtrump & @berniesanders are doing well cuz the ppl r disgusted with #corrupt politicians. @trapman2000: rt @deaf dwayne: @realdonaldtrump thanks for not being politically correct! america needs the truth. @dattijulia: @realdonaldtrump i did not like you before but watching your interview on cnn you are the man. @samstwitch: bill o reilly s interview with trump:q&a over what trump would do as president!definitely has my vote! @usplaymoney: donaldtrump @beny benson he would be a leader because he is used to being the boss. wont be bought like politicians either. @hcannonball: everybody get on the trump train!! it s a first class one-way ticket to the white house with @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @tonyschiano: unlike #obama....he can think outside the box! #trump2016 @usplaymoney @realdonaldtrump @beny benson. @incorrectpoliti: oh my are they starting to wake up. make america great again! we must save america elect @realdonaldtrump. @itsemilyshine: @realdonaldtrump would be the best president #donaldtrumpforpresident. @knight276: @realdonaldtrump @hcannonball not being a career politician is an asset. i m on board trump can make america great again. @tadboikins: @dabeard @realdonaldtrump he s firing up the gop base. #crushingit. will be in chicago tomorrow for a record setting by far luncheon. via @thehill by @martinmatishak: trump: we look like were beggars in iran nuclear talks. see story in fusion and huff. post about rape at the border. beyond terrible! isn t fusion owned by univision? @rsan: donald trump s polling looks too good to be true. .@nydailynews the dying tabloid owned by dopey clown mort zuckerman puts me on the cover daily because i sell. my honor but it is dead! univision apologized to me but i will not accept their apology. i will be suing them for a lot of money. miss u.s.a. contestants are hurt! .@jorgeramosnews please send me your new number your old ones not working. sincerely donald j. trump. @dynamytebeats: @realdonaldtrump is the only choice for 2016. #makeamericagreatagain thank you. @jaguar11d: @realdonaldtrump have a great time in chicago today. you are the best person for the job. @keemstarx: mexican criminals coming into usa? yes did trump say we need to stop them? yes did he say mexicans are good? yes racism? no. @keemstarx: wait mhndz you have 5 mins to prove to me that @realdonaldtrump doesn t support the latinos if u do i ll paypal u 1k. @kevingalyon: @realdonaldtrump i support donald trump for president. he is a great leader thank you. @malachinorris: i sure don t trust any other politicians running to be president except @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagainthroughtrump. @agirland3boys: @icenycbx @realdonaldtrump @potus disagree a leader takes a stand. putin would be scared of him. peace through strength. @malachinorris: i know @realdonaldtrump will be the best president that ever has or ever will walk into the oval office. #trump2016. @jjhrkel: @realdonaldtrump don t ever back down from these clowns! fight the good fight!! i promise! @mollycbs2: @realdonaldtrump will speak @ #chicago city club today reports claim 2000 people are on the waiting list to get in! @hollyammon: @realdonaldtrump @malachinorris mr. trump is the only one who tells the truth no matter how politically unpopular it may be. saudi arabia should be paying the united states many billions of dollars for our defense of them. without us gone! @alwaleedbint. @malachinorris: just over a year before everyone hears donaldtrump say i donald trump do solemnly swear that i will protect america. @brittainshannon: @realdonaldtrump @alwaleedbint or at least give it back in oil. remember univision apologized! @joylynbest: @maryannzfoster @morning joe don t care about #gop or trump but he s the best #gop running and should win the primary. via @jnsworldnews by @jacobkamarasjns: donald trump says he is no apprentice when it comes to israel. speaking at the city club of chicago. sold out in minutes with thousands on the wait list! statement on relationship with nbc-. @imprimis310: @nbc is the bigot. @realdonaldtrump and @sentedcruz only speaking the truth about illegal immigrants. @ghostofnicky: @outfrontcnn @cnn @realdonaldtrump donald is the only candidate that speaks the truth!!!! @margie352: @realdonaldtrump i believe donald trump is the only one that can do this. he has no skin in the game. just his country. @amstaffbru: pull out the heavy artillery buy every liberal network and flush them in the toilet. youmt.t have my vote hands down. @jamalwms45: @howardkurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly for the remark trump made on dumping nbc i ll vote for @realdonaldtrump. @slucch24: @anncoulter don t worry... we clearly don t have an illegal alien criminal problem. #adiosamerica. @jacobmathews: @realdonaldtrump @jamalwms45 @howardkurtz @johnnydollar01 @megynkelly i like donald for his no fear tell the truth attitude. @susanadana432: ldonaldtrump @amstaffbru keep telling it like it is. you have the recipe for making the usa great again. you have my vote. @theholybreadcat: @realdonaldtrump vote for trump he s making america to where we won t worry about illegal immigrant problems. @kristywillams79: @realdonaldtrump i ve waited years for you to run for president! you are going to fix america! we need a businessman. @knight276: @realdonaldtrump @amstaffbru i have confidence trump can turn a negative into a positive. trump can make america great again! @rickysplace1: @realdonaldtrump @slucch24 @anncoulter it is so blatantly obvious! why do people refuse to see it? @margie352: listen to what he says. you will know in your heart it is the truth. we are in a bad way. he is the only one who gets it. @c archaeology: @realdonaldtrump is our only hope @littlebytesnews #tcot. @echump: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump if what everyone says is true trump will score huge if this is for publicity. i d trust trump. @chipb: like him or not @realdonaldtrump says exactly what he thinks and doesn t beat around the bush. and that s admirable. #election2016. @kristencward: great statement and it s finally nice to have someone who stands by what they say! #gotmyvote. @einsteinrevisit: @megynkelly @geraldorivera @realdonaldtrump love the trump! we must have strong borders and stop illegal immigration. without that we do not have a country. also mexico is killing u.s. on trade. win! i love the mexican people but mexico is not our friend. they re killing us at the border and they re killing us on jobs and trade. fight! @kingjersey1 @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain they can t stand that you are speaking for the american people. @wildmanbs it says a lot about @nbc when they fire @realdonaldtrump but keep brian williams and @thereval on the payroll. #tcot. thank you ted. @figlo7 @realdonaldtrump apologize to the press for not being a politician - because you haven t learned to lie yet. go donald! @melsthemom @realdonaldtrump nbc censorship. i m done with them. @yankeeworshiper thank you to donald trump for standing up for what you believe in.leave the b.s.and lies for hillary and barack. @woofeous @realdonaldtrump everyone loves donald because he ll tell it like it is without any political sugar-coating & double-speak. @tedcruz now i know you re smart! see you soon. #makeamericagreatagain! watch me on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. @webster07 @realdonaldtrump wish there were more people in the public eye with this attitude. it s only way 2 defeat political correctness. my just filed lawsuit against univision. always fight back when right. #makeamericagreatagain. via @thesharktank1: donald trump s controversial mexican comments are accurate. get ready for @oreillyfactor tonight at 8- always interesting! my recent statement re: @macys -- we must have strong borders & stop illegal immigration now! those who believe in tight border security stopping illegal immigration & smart trade deals w other countries should boycott @macys. for all of those who want to #makeamericagreatagain boycott @macys. they are weak on border security & stopping illegal immigration. .@andersoncooper andersonthank you for being so fair with your reporting & story last night. greatly appreciated! @tixxannatrix @lrihendry: now this is the @realdonaldtrump we have come to know at least trump speaks his mind. doesn t cower to pc. @phxladydi @realdonaldtrump i truly believe you can bring america back to great. you don t cowerto the media lobbyists or anyone else. .@governorpataki was a terrible governor of ny one of the worst -- wouldve been swamped if he ran again! .@governorpataki couldnt be elected dog catcher if he ran againso he didnt! interesting that @macys criticized me but just paid 650000 in fines for racial profiling. are they racists? who is @macys to pretend innocence when they racial profile all over the place? paid big fine! look what the president of nbc sent me recently about his stay in my las vegas hotel. very loyal guy. make our borders strong and stop illegal immigration. even president obama agrees-. @johnriverstoo: @instapundit macy s sales are declining their stock is downgraded - maybe not the best time to spit on half of america. @ehshaun: @realdonaldtrump knows what he s talking about. please don t give us another bush as president. @david a hurd: @realdonaldtrump fight the good fight mr. president trump! you are the only one fighting for america! #trump2016. @ftimewifenmomma: i am really liking @realdonaldtrump. we need someone who will tell the truth. @jewnamedlew: @realdonaldtrump @macys to pay 650000 settlement over racial profiling... boycott macy s. @jimstaricha: mr. trump i truly hope you are elected. i strongly believe you have more than the skills required. we need a professional. @ibleedcoffee: just deleted the @macys app off my phone. it s a shame we used to spend thousands there a year. no more. #boycottmacys. @julusn: @realdonaldtrump they look bad. @macys screwed up bigtime!they are so hypocriticalyour right & they know it! @soupman227: @karentalk @foramerica @realdonaldtrump #wakeupamerica the media has shown its true colors. @teresawageman: @realdonaldtrump @macys stick to your guns mr. trump. you are telling the truth that too many are afraid to. @sheriapple: @realdonaldtrump thought ur interview w @donlemon was inspiring. u speak the truth. @muireb tpnd: @realdonaldtrump you have lib media scrambling..i just freak n love that! thank you for your leadership and patriotism! @tickercandy: @realdonaldtrump @macys ah yes so many people i know are cancelling their macy credit cards. #youjustgottrumped great. @dagnyred: @karentalk @foramerica @realdonaldtrump i m latina legal & fully support you speaking the truth! don t back down! @jimstaricha: @eastevens54 @cvpayne @tonykatz @realdonaldtrump watch what he said yes maybe a bit kinder but a fact is a fact. @bettyebear: @realdonaldtrump every working class every color knows trump & wants to be rich like him - faces light up @macys. @anncoulter: yes strange that trump is surging in the polls for saying what other gops too stupid to say. .@macys stock just dropped. interesting. so many people calling to say they are cutting up their @macys credit card. thank you! why doesnt somebody study the horrible charges brought against @macys for racial profiling? terrible hypocrites! @lafrana @realdonaldtrump @macys i will not shop at macy s. i am with you mr trump! @racheljoycowley i m done with macy s. apparently they follow the trend of trying to force legislation on every american freedom. done! trump gives em hell via @limbaugh. nbc fires trump keeps sharpton: the bigots of the nbc executive suite look the other way via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1. @realninjetta @erinsiegal @appsame @univision my many mexican friends fly to visit mexico because unsafe border. via @trscoop: mark levin defends trump: hillary clinton is a crook and a fraud and shes not treated this way! via world tribune the elites problem with donald trump: he s not for sale by jeffrey t. kuhner. via huffington post congrats america! donald trump is now a 2016 presidential front-runner by igor bobic. @onesoldiersmom @artngonzalez @earredondo if you would listen to his words you will hear that he was slamming our gutless politicians. @mstrbass2000 @dashman18 @appsame taking a stand against stupid companies over reacting to free speech nothing trump said wasn t true. @neilleon @realdonaldtrump sir! thanking you for speaking your mind and or having your very own opinion on certain issues. great article by @richlowry on @politicomag : sorry donald trump has a point. @runpuremichigan macy s stock drops after coming out in support of #illegals dust up with @realdonaldtrump and public #boycottmacys. @neilecollins @macys only interested in sales and could care less about america. veterans and military will be with trump. trump declares victory on immigration as obama admits some illegals are gang bangers via @breitbartnews @aswoyer. new jobs report: 432000 left workforce manufacturing & durable goods go - we need leaders who understand business. via @redstate by @ewerickson: always play on offense. new orders for manufacturing down 9 10 months time for fair trade. stop tpp! a country must enforce its borders. respect for the rule of law is at our countrys core. we must build a wall! @kosloffm i really admire your straight talk and not bowing down to the drive by media and special interest groups say what you mean thx. @rebamoreland you must be doing something right cause the left has circled the war wagons. stay strong in your convictions we love it!! @backontrackusa @julusn @macys donald i love your ties. just set up a website online & millions of us will continue to buy your products. @lepleyamanda @realdonaldtrump @dagnyred @karentalk @foramerica amen honey honest is honest dont back down support the truth! obama once again just missed a self-imposed deadline with iran. our leadership is weak & ineffective. double the sanctions! it is time to bring competence to washington. it is time get results. lets make america great again! @chipman88 @realdonaldtrump @daviddcarpenter @lafrana @macys i didn t know macy s was still in business. oh well still not going there. @highlander6700: @realdonaldtrump @macys: seems 1 or 2 lines of mr. trump s comments about immigrants are continuously taken out of context. @margie352: @highlander6700 @macys they were taken out of context. trying to make him look bad to the american hispanic community. @tonyarolandtr: @youxia88 @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump @macys the american ppl are taking a stand! we are fighting back!!! @clew136:donaldtrump your charisma confidence leadership and record of incredible success is exactly what this country needs #trump2016. @perryjames778: @highlander6700 @macys the media loves to twist words and so do the politicians. @realdonaldtrump will set it straight! @groverwindham: @realdonaldtrump @highlander6700 @macys #obama called them gangbanger & criminals. @michell33841372: donald keep speaking the truth! the media has printed your words out of context. you will make america great again! @saveamerica15: @mrbiggles12345 @tonyarolandtr @youxia88 @tedcruz @macys trump just might be the savior of america! better than reagan! @jeanne mazzotta: @macys @realdonaldtrump shame on you macy s. whatever happened to freedom of speech #cancelingmycard. @mellysmodern: so ready for @realdonaldtrump to do this! keep it up you ve got em scared! @patrickjlavin: @realdonaldtrump @groverwindham @highlander6700 @macys donald trump for president 2016! america let your voices be heard. @dharley187: @vdare @claramarks @anncoulter @realdonaldtrump you tell em trump! trump speaks the truth. @theusalifestyle: @anncoulter to #makeamericagreatagain vote for donald trump. #trump2016 #eleccion2015 #usa #gop. @houstongunn: my grandma from #seattle and mom in #nashville just said they won t shop at @macys again. @realdonaldtrump. @yeswecandeport: @realdonaldtrump @macys i am sure rocketing up to polls at the cost of losing a place to sell his ties is killing him. as governor of texas rick perry could have done far more to secure the border - but that s o.k. i like him anyway! @governorperry. @jharwood14: if reagan a hollywood actor was president then your chances are strong. it sure would be nice to have an honest potus. @2014 vince: @realdonaldtrump only our donald will save christianity..christ bless our land. @non pc guy: @houstongunn @macys in chicago we re still mourning loss of once great marshall fields to mediocre macys. screw macys! @theguhmantap: @realdonaldtrump you are next president usa make america great again! @spen a john: @realdonaldtrump @theguhmantap hey you re the man trump. fight the fight. @numerologynow: in my 37 years of life u are the 1st person i have ever supported running 4 the white house u will make america great again. @babyylissa: obama calls immigrants gang bangers&criminals but trump gets attacked for calling some illegals from some countries bad people. @kingrollinzonez: @realdonaldtrump never voted but your getting my vote. @bperez733: @realdonaldtrump @numerologynow yes in deed!! #trumpfortriumph. @frankdimauro: @realdonaldtrump keep speaking the truth. the media elites cannot stop you from telling it as it is. #trump2016. @justthetruthtv: @wfinchner @realdonaldtrump @macys so? how does that change that very bad people are coming over the boarder? @iceman0921: i support @realdonaldtrump and i as well will no longer give my business to @macys . #trump2016 great! @kobuck12: @realdonaldtrump donald trump runs to help america become great again. you know he s not doing it to enrich himself like clinton. @james artherton: @realdonaldtrump full respect from a british guy. i wish i could vote for you! trump for president! @seanbarakett: @realdonaldtrump id rather have a businessman in the white house than a politician. youve got my vote. @pizzapartyben: @realdonaldtrump thank you for standing up for america let s make this country great again! @jazztheelf: @realdonaldtrump you re the only reason i m registering to vote & first president i m donating to!! thanks. @davidrwoods: @realdonaldtrump is 100 correct! you have so far made the most sacrifice! thankfully. @biggstory: @realdonaldtrump is not a politician he s the leader that america needs. mexican leaders and negotiators are much tougher and smarter than those of the u.s. mexico is killing us on jobs and trade. wake up! wow huffington post just stated that i am number 1 in the polls of republican candidates. thank you but the work has just begun! a nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. - president ronald reagan. via @dailycaller by @rpollockdc: nyc mayor action against donald trump is not the american way. we need jobs & we need them fast. i am a job creator. none of the pols can or will. let s make america great again! via @nro by @joelmentum: matchless name recognition and deep pockets make trump a threat in iowa. our southern border is totally out of control. this is an absolutely disgraceful. situation. we need border security! our southern border is unsecure. i am the only one that can fix it nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. my heartfelt condolences to the family of kathryn steinle. very very sad! where are the other candidates now that this tragic murder has taken place b c of our unsafe border we need a wall! @ fly on wall : sucks when @realdonaldtrump says what most of us think and gets punished for it. scares us. @bonniekit: thank you america ferrara for supporting lawless criminals from mexico. one more needless death. 2 innocent lives taken. @bzocash: @realdonaldtrump that speech was inspiring trump i m with you. .@marcorubio what do you say to the family of kathryn steinle in ca who was viciously killed b c we can t secure our border? stand up for us. .@thejuanwilliams you never speak well of me & yet when i saw you at fox you ran over like a child and wanted a picture. please share pic! via @cnnpolitics by @teddyschleifer: trump: san francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration. @cnnpolitics: trump: san francisco killing shows perils of illegal immigration via @teddyschleifer. @funtravel777: @roniseale @usplaymoney @marcorubio donald trump can t be bought bullied or intimidated. he is a strong leader. @mygianluca: @cnnpolitics @teddyschleifer say it loud & proud @realdonaldtrump! illegal immigration is an attack on our country! @ksredbirds13: @realdonaldtrump for president. no better candidate than mr trump. thank you. @roniseale: the american people deserve a wall to protect our jobs economy and our safety. i am the only candidate who would build it. @omgnastygirl: @realdonaldtrump make our country great again.. trump for president ! @reveretoo: @realdonaldtrump @cnnpolitics @teddyschleifer absolutely. all the american people need is a leader to rise up #donaldtrump. @mikescintoshow: @realdonaldtrump he says what others are too afraid to say the truth! @mikescintoshow: this is why we need @realdonaldtrump he tells it like it is! @kingamory: cta driver just tweaked i m voting for @realdonaldtrump. i will be on @foxandfriends this morning at 8:30. enjoy! @roparsons: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends it is so refreshing to see a candidate with a backbone. mr. trump you have my vote! happy 4th of july to everyone! make america great again! @usclarry: mr @realdonaldtrump is the only candidate that hits my three main topics border security economy and national defense. @rodsandguitars: @danaperino just lied about donaldtrump - dana trump did not say all are criminals & rapists .. #proudamerican#nolying. @mariclaire81: @justdoit377 @realdonaldtrump @marcorubio i do not yet who i will vote for but can assure you it will not be rubio. what about the undocumented immigrant with a record who killed the beautiful young women in front of her father in san fran. get smart! @airforce2100: @macys this 4th of july lets also remember the thousands of american citizens killed by illegals. @sharneal: any conservative candidate who disses donaldtrump s stand on illegals will not get my vote-he stands for us first over illegals. @mikeg beats: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. why would republican candidates want the support of mitt romney. he lost an election against obama that should never have been lost! @zengadfly: .@vrwctexan @jebbush @marcorubio @realdonaldtrump @gatewaypundit more than a few voters may #playthetrumpcard! #backlash. @nanaelaine7: i can t wait for your inauguration!! the beginning of the end to these criminal immigrants. make america great again thanks. @bradsaidwhat: @realdonaldtrump never give up. you re our last hope! @veneziamatthew: trump is the only real candidate. he is only saying what we all know. much crime comes from illegal immigrants. fact! @lauren nann: @realdonaldtrump @bradsaidwhat stand with trump 2016. @mckee16365: @realdonaldtrump i registered to vote yesterday when renewing my driver license. #trump2016. @nick da slick: #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain @realdonaldtrump. @frankieemt b: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote already! we don t need another obama it s time for someone who knows how to lead! @markg0077: @nebonnie @realdonaldtrump but still we put our trust in @mittromney and he failed us. @stephprichard1: you never give up hope you win. @realdonaldtrump you re my #1 choice #trump2016 #proudamerican. @ tsac : i m probably going to vote for @realdonaldtrump simply because he has the balls to speak his mind. and half of america agrees. @tjeeyy: #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumpnation #trumpforpresident @realdonaldtrump. @dcnumerology: @realdonaldtrump @veneziamatthew trump is the man. @kmoriconi: @realdonaldtrump waiting for the day we can call you mr. president! @darci51: @realdonaldtrump the blue! i don t care what @nbc says or @macys screw them! i m voting 4 you mr. trump! #trumpforpresident. via @breitbartnews: game on: trump responds to jeb. @judiejudyjudy: @macys i will never shop in your store 4 the rest of my life because of how quickly u turned on donaldtrump.u have no spine. @bdean1468: @jebbush & @marcorubio couldn t carry @realdonaldtrump s gym bags. #trump2016. @booboobear4u2: #trump keeps comin back like bruce willis in red! trump is hard hitting patriot! truth trumps all! @nolehace: @dcnumerology @veneziamatthew #trump #thedonald 3m followers ck the other candidates-do the math. #trump echoes americans. @catisbetter666: @realdonaldtrump i m voting trump bc we need a real man to lead the country not that socialist obama. @karentalk: @realdonaldtrump @breitbartnews america will be restored under mr. trump.. god bless america. @realmarkjackson:trump has them on the run and they are scared as hell that finally the pyramid scheme is about to be exposed. #truthhurts. @marita1j: praying @realdonaldtrump continues 2 keep the repubs honest! it w b so great 2 hv another reagan 2 rebuild respect 4 usa! @reillycarole: @realdonaldtrump .we all need to get out and vote for donald . we need a change and he is the man to bring it . thank you! @mdavis22569: : @realdonaldtrump how is it possible @macys is having a 4th of july sale when it s against freedom of speech? @eastonelliott22:@ tsac more than half of america agrees with trump- everyone i talk to loves trump&respects blunt truths- god bless trump. @wizhether: donaldtrump keep it up! they re attacking you because they re afraid. you re winning! we who love our country have your back! @peritustraining: @realdonaldtrump don t worry democrats donald will make america great again for you too. @futureicon: @gop trump is correct hear about a young woman who was shot to death in san francisco by a mexican who d been deported 5 times. @nebonnie: @markg0077 @helendhughes @realdonaldtrump @mittromney i agree! romney needed #trump s cajones - all i m saying! @jackie4545890: @realdonaldtrump good for you mr. trump for speaking up for america you re the only one that s real. @spankemewanke18: #makeamericagreatagain @realdonaldtrump #2016. @michaellw56: @tedcruz saw where you supported @realdonaldtrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow am. thank you. thanks ted! @eva rider: ted cruz backs trump about securing the borders. nothing has been done for decades. via @newsmax media. @garettwadekempe: donald trump for president! he has my vote come elections! miss universe paulina vega criticized me for telling the truth about illegal immigration but then said she would keep the crown-hypocrite. @thedemonking18: late night confessions: i think donald trump would be a good president. @pdxnancy: donald trump and 2015 2016 considerations... via @thelastrefuge2 i just signed up to support mr. trump. @michaellw56: @tedcruz saw where you supported @realdonaldtrump on @meetthepress to be aired tomorrow am. thank you. @futureicon:donaldtrump continues to move up in the presidential polls as his message begin to resonate with the fed-up american people. rick perry failed at the border. now he is critical of me. he needs a new pair of glasses to see the crimes committed by illegal immigrants. i appreciate the gop candidates who remain strong on border security. they know i am right. a nation without borders cannot survive. jeb bush will never secure our border or negotiate great trade deals for american workers. jeb doesn t see & can t solve the problems. flashback jeb bush says illegal immigrants breaking our laws is an act of love he will never secure the border. it is time to create jobs for americans not d.c. we need a bold new direction. lets make america great again! thank you @loudobbsnews i will be trying very hard to prove you right - great show! i said simply that the mexican leaders and negotiators are smarter than ours and that the mexican gov t is pushing their hard core to u.s. @babyphatrox: @realdonaldtrump the huff post pollster has @realdonald trump in first place ahead of jeb bush. @shoegoddesss: @realdonaldtrump will definitely vote for you. breath of fresh air. america needs you! @bdean1468: @realdonaldtrump donald! donald! donald!!! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @lendondonna: @realdonaldtrump bc our government are spineless. we need someone who will stand their ground. you have my support. @2big2bereal: @realdonaldtrump donald i don t have to tell you your doing something right. @virginia4usa: @artistdeedd @howardkurtz as do i diana.saw mr. trump in manchester & crowd was energized & hungering 4 real leadership. @tiffyluck: @realdonaldtrump god bless america and donaldtrump. you have all of my support and that of all those who are fed up with dc. thx to all the people who called to say they are cutting their @macys credit card as a protest against illegal immigrants pouring into us. @absabella mr.trump speaks the truth and will not back down!! that s why he will be our next president!! #makeamericagreatagain. @fernandocarnal @realdonaldtrump @macys not shopping there again! @davesbigwife:@macys i have a macy s store i used to love to shop at until they turned on americans @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @retrogirl01: @ap mr. trump is right! build the wall! @realdonaldtrump. @ericbolling: the establishment gop out in force tonight trying to discredit @realdonaldtrump congrats donald you ve got them nervous. @coachjman: if the majority will bind together and support trump we will reverse the downward spiral the us is on. @thegre8 1: @sentedcruz in addition to the criminals among the illegal aliens what about all the infectious diseases they brought to us. we have got to take our country back. it s time! @brainbow bite: @realdonaldtrump i agree with pat buchanan that you sir are a man of action! thank you! @bdean1: if i had a dollar for every time a politician lied i d be as rich as @realdonaldtrump i m happy as hell he s running! #trump2016. @hallmarkm1 @realdonaldtrump is the only presidential candidate that truly is fighting to #makeamericagreatagain. people rarely say that many conservatives didnt vote for mitt romney. if i can get them to vote for me we win in a landslide. .@anncoulter u were great last nite @ericbolling on fox. our country has become a dumping ground for the world--i ll get it to stop & fast! @lolabigirl i m not sure why people are mad @realdonaldtrump he really speaks the truth. sir i support you for #president. @danscavino illegal immigrant deported 6 times charged in felony hit & run of family. @realdonaldtrump is not wrong. #trump2016. wow! i hear that thousands of people are cutting up their @macys credit card. that s great. #makeamericagreatagain! must read- it s time people listened to trump says mother of gunned-down teenage football star secure the border! rubios gang of 8 bill would have rewarded sanctuary cities harboring illegals marco is a politician-he flip flops! via @limbaugh: see trump told you so. we must restore the entrepreneurial spirit of our country. a small business boom. lets make america great again! i will be in california this weekend making a speech for clint eastwood. then to arizona and vegas. big crowds. discussing illegals & more! via @newsmax media by @chrisruddynmx: donald trump and the end of free speech. .@ronsirak thank you for being so fair this morning on @golfchannelgreatly appreciated. .@natalie gulbis thank you for your support this morning on @golfchannel. even more importantly play well this week! say hi to all. @kellikm @realdonaldtrump stay strong d. the last thing america needs is the same old politician. @militaryrosary @scully64 @karlrove @gop most people like trump because he speaks honestly and hopefully and we know he cannot be bought. dear @maraliasson i greatly appreciate your fairness. my history shows i never disappoint. looking forward to meeting you soon. @marcmode @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump @mj lee now i know where not to watch or shop @macys account closed. via @ammoland by fredy riehl: donald trump talks: gun control assault weapons gun free zones & self defense. @jimlibertarian @ronsirak @golfchannel donald our forefathers would be proud of you you are displaying a love of country like reagan did. @crystalprebola @realdonaldtrump @marcmode @cnnpolitics @mj lee @macys me too. no more shopping at macy s. @caseybierer america needs to hear the truth. keep it up mr. trump. you can help us make america great again. never give up. via @businessinsider by @hunterw: trump unloads: hillary clinton was the worst and is extremely bad. @greta just read @realdonaldtrump going to phoenix to give speech on illegal immigration on saturday that is correct. i look forward to it. thank you @brentbozell --- as you know i have been saying this for a long time. via @mrctv by ben graham: border reports back up trump s rapists claim. via @dailycaller by @samsondunn: pastor to hispanic congregation speaks out on trump immigrant crime statement. do you believe that highly overrated political pundit @krauthammer said this is the best republican field in 35 years. what a dope! jeb s brother george insisted on a 100000 fee and 20000 for a private jet to speak at a charity for severely wounded vets. not nice! you mean george bush sends our soldiers into combat they are severely wounded and then he wants 120000 to make a boring speech to them? @tranerofmonstrs: @krauthammer he is an openly declared traitor to this nation as are the execs of @univision and @macys #letsdothisamerica. @williamonlyrent: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer only good candidate in this gop field is you sir! go trump. #trump2016 thank you. @mcgranejt: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer @chucklane1 both fools & out of touch with reality! we need trump # 45 #makeamericagreatagain. @davidbougs: @krauthammer krauthammer sold some books now his pomposity thinks he knows us pres politics....just another dc insider! @kbrocking: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer the donald is the only good republican candidate in my opinion. rubio perry etc??? um no. @bdevil89: @krauthammer & rest of pundits r scared of truth teller like @realdonaldtrump - #immigration affects everything in society. @rossmahan1952: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer like harry truman you tell them the truth and they think it s hell. give em hell donald. totally false reporting on my call with @reince priebus. he called me ten minutes said i hit a nerve doing well end! @ joshbishop @ppppolls gop or dem you have to love trumps blunt honesty. so many things wrong most won t point out. borders big problem. @sharneal @ericbolling @thefive a lot of us support trump because of his support to stop illegals from killing anyone else. @rbern11162 @sharneal donald trump keep it up you only get flack when you are close to the target i support you completely. watched chief negotiator for iran on @charlierose last night. he is far smarter than our repsincrease sanctions and walk! via @ewerickson: stop complaining about donald trump. @customwww @clare oc @forbes again ..not news.. news is.. he leads nc & will have nh on next true poll.. stop attacking the truth. @gomrunner @realdonaldtrump keep up the tempo and don t listen to the rnc! you are correctly presenting what people want. dummy writer @clare oc from failing @forbes magazine works so hard to make such trivial license deals look important. dummy @clare oc from failing @forbes magazine: nascar deal was 1 nite ballroom espn was small golf outing... dummy @clare oc @forbes: tiny fragrance deal with parlux means nothing. still sold at trump tower... why does a failed magazine like @forbes constantly seek out trivial nonsense? their circulation way down. @clare oc. @rdbrewer4 trump: keep throwing those giant hand grenades into the amnesty debate. you re pissing off all the right people in the gop. @limbaugh: trump has changed the entire debate on immigration via @newsmax media by jason devaney. via trump: hillary presidency will cause crime wave like youve never seen via @breitbartnews. @erinedwards001 @realdonaldtrump thank you for telling it how it is no one else will address these issues. you have my vote. trump battles the new totalitarians: gop elites join with leftists at media matters in targeting threat to both. thanks. @tommyz63 @reince let trump speak. he is only saying what the rest of us including you already know #illegals are a huge problem! true thanks. the elites want common core so they can take education out of parental control. no! let s make america great again! obama and republicans are hollowing out our military. now want to cut troop levels. lowest level in over 20 years. via @breitbartnews by katie mchugh: poll: donald trump leads the pack as gop frontrunner. exclusive donald trump on the gop primary: if i win i will beat hillary via @breitbartnews by katie mchugh. via @cnnpolitics by @jdiamond1: trump: rnc call was congratulatory. i m on @cnn s @ac360 tonight @8pm & @foxnews @seanhannity @ 10pm discussing immigration and lots of other things.#letsmakeamericagreatagain. breaking - border security rally in phoenix az at 2pm mst has been moved to @phoenixconvctr! build a wall! let s make america great again! via @trscoop: whoa: trump changing venues for saturday rally in arizona due to overwhelming response. iran continues to delay the nuclear deal while doing many bad things behind our backs. time to walk and double the sanctions. stop payments! @kpmck63 stay the course mr. trump! it s easier for others to attack you because you are saying the things that they won t. #truth. @alarae37 @realdonaldtrump keep speaking truth!! there are many of us who want america great again! thank you! jeb bush just announced he raised over 100m. everyone of those people who contributed are getting something to the detriment of america! i want to #makeamericagreatagain. via @nypost by @geoffearle: polls show president trump may not be so far-fetched. laura--massive crowd had to move to phoenix convention center. @mitestarossa please follow @realdonaldtrump ...we already know what all the other politicians will do. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. our biggest problems are solved by growth. we need a president who is a job creator. lets make america great again! standing with jamiel shaw sabine durdin don rosenberg lupe moreno brenda sparks robin hvidston & their spouses. look forward to being in phoenix tomorrow at 2:00 p.m. hottest ticket in entire country. was supposed to be 500 people now many thousands! i love that thousands of people are boycotting @macys and cutting up credit cards. no guts no glory. this really backfired - love it! tone it down? no way! donald trump needs to crank up the volume via @foxnews by @toddstarnes. a strong military will stop wars. peace through strength! lets make america great again! via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: donald trump to brody file in 2011: people send me bibles. the republicans who want to cut ss & medicaid are wrong. a robust economy will make america great again! @hamishjoy: there s no republican field at all. when the @realdonaldtrump is in play the others all kinda fade away. trump2016. @mcgranejt: @realdonaldtrump @krauthammer @chucklane1 both fools & out of touch with reality! we need trump. #makeamericagreatagain. has anyone seen the financials of @univision. they are doing really badly. too much debt and not enough viewers. need money fast. funny! boycott @macys and @univision. make america great again! @thevotingvenue: @realdonaldtrump when fox news tries to push jeb on their viewers remind them of this article:. @dannybo4455: @hamishjoy mr trump i have never been so excited to vote for somebody in my life .i m literally hanging on your every word. @waynedupreeshow: aren t u angry how the media has turned donaldtrump slam against illegal immigration into him hating all immigrants. @pg1493: @realdonaldtrump i love what you want to do with this country!! @dannybo4455: @mcgranejt @krauthammer @chucklane1 the establishment republicans and the democrats are absolutely 100 terrified of you !! @frank lemoine: @realdonaldtrump the competition tries to fake it till they make it. trump the real deal! @phatwhodat: @realdonaldtrump trump 2016 yard signs. where can we get them? everywhere! @gump6363: i always said i will not vote until i truly believe in a good leader you sir will get my vote! #makeamericagreatagain. getting ready to go to las vegas freedom fest - great crowd. then on to amazing phoenix - that will be a total happening! love america. @eugene scott: i want people to come into the country. let it be legal @realdonaldtrump via @cnnpolitics. via @cnnpolitics by @mj lee: father of murder victim to introduce trump in phoenix. today i will be rallying with with 15000 patriots in arizona for border security! let s make america great again! today i am standing with patriots in arizona for border security! build a wall! let s make america great again! great @anhqdc segment with @charleshurt: breaking down the trump factor let s make america great again! legal immigrants want border security. it is common sense. we must build a wall! let s make america great again! i will not be able to attend the miss usa pageant tomorrow night because i am campaigning in phoenix. wishing all well! via @breitbartnews by @awrhawkins: trump preaches peace through strength in phoenix. convention center officials in phoenix don t want to admit that they broke the fire code by allowing 12-15000 people in 4000 code room. phoenix convention center officials did not want to have thousands of people standing outside in the heat so they let them in. a great day! mexico s biggest drug lord escapes from jail. unbelievable corruption and usa is paying the price. i told you so! sleep eyes @chucktodd is killing meet the press. isn t he pathetic? love watching him fail! can you envision jeb bush or hillary clinton negotiating with el chapo the mexican drug lord who escaped from prison? .... ...trump however would kick his ass! i hear that sleepy eyes @chucktodd will be fired like a dog from ratings starved meet the press? i can t imagine what is taking so long! now that the mexican drug lord escaped from prison everyone is saying that most of the cocaine etc. coming into the u.s. comes over border! .....but that s what i ve been saying. very unfair treatment by the media! the u.s. will invite el chapo the mexican drug lord who just escaped prison to become a u.s. citizen because our leaders can t say no! el chapo and the mexican drug cartels use the border unimpeded like it was a vacuum cleaner sucking drugs and death right into the u.s. ....likewise billions of dollars gets brought into mexico through the border. we get the killers drugs & crime they get the money! when will people and the media start to apologize to me for my statement mexico is sending.... which turned out to be true? el chapo. @bdean1468 @jlangdale @realdonaldtrump @hillaryclinton @cnn say it loud & say it proud - - we want trump!!!!!! isnt it interesting that now that im #1 in the polls the networks show polls that are a month old! .@mclaughlingroup greatly appreciate yr wonderful comments this weekend. people of great accomplishment should easily quality for prez. the joke around town is that i freed el chapo from the mexican prison because the timing was so good w my statements on border security. mexicos totally corrupt govt looks horrible with el chapos escapetotally corrupt. u.s. paid them 3 billion. el chapo comes to the u.s. often thru our borderit s been revealed he has ca drivers license. have some fun with this-. rush limbaugh: trump has changed the entire debate on immigration. @saintpetersblog part of me really really likes @realdonaldtrump. the man is breathtakingly honest. have to give him credit. i absolutely support kates lawin honor of the beautiful kate steinle who was gunned down in sf by an illegal immigrant. very nice - @huffingtonpost @pollsterpolls has me in first place at 18 and bush second at 14. i am so happy that people are boycotting macy s. @greta: huffington post has @realdonaldtrump in first place in the polls. let pete rose into the baseball hall of fame. it s time he has paid a big and very long price! @marta aqt4u: obama - just retire i m ready for a real leader !! #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump please hurry up and get to the white house ! @leeellmauerjr: legal latino immigrants talk to me in factories & warehouses. want to know why obama to give amnesty? they did it right! @northstarmf: @realdonaldtrump love you please fix america! @zimbo251: @realdonaldtrump @greta go donald! show them what a real man is! ford is moving jobs from michigan to mexico again! as president this will stop on day one! jobs will stay here. matt harvey @mets -- don t let the @nydailynews get you down---nobody reads it. play well. a nation without borders is no nation at all. we must build a wall. lets make america great again! i can t believe that president obama isn t able or willing to make just one phone call to the family of kate steinle.come on pres-make call! response to hillary clinton-. who do you want negotiating for us? getting ready to land in charlottesville virginia at trump vineyards another job producing development that i bought and made amazing! @kavemanrj @realdonaldtrump amazing work trump! i believe you will do the same for our country. we are no longer silent. we are energized & ready to take our country back. lets make america great again! @britinnv @realdonaldtrump would the people of us prefer a liar @hillaryclinton or a man that speaks the truth and facts!! no brainer hey! via the hill: trump tops national poll for second straight week. @aproudrebel: @realdonaldtrump high numbers show donald trump is beating his rivals in the polls go trump trump nation. @anncoulter: i think donaldtrump has struck a cord! 30000 macys customers retaliate in support of donald trump. @ben techpro: it s way worse than we know.just read @anncoulter #adiosamerica-be educated!! #makeamericagreatagain. @anncoulter: amazing press conference by @realdonaldtrump w parents of kids killed by illegals. .@bradsteinle thank you for yr wonderful tweet of july 4. i wanted a little time to go by before calling. your sister & family are amazing. why do people listen to clown @karlrove on @foxnews? spent 430m & lost all racesa bushy! .@foxnews should not put @karlrove onhe has no credibility a bush plant who called all races wrong. .@polititrends @realdonaldtrump is dominating the discussion on twitter with 79352 mentions today via. .@stephenbaldwin7 you were fabulous on cnn last night--i greatly appreciate your support. best wishes. thank you piers. @reevesmh it s been a long time since i ve been excited about a candidate. how refreshing to have a bold voice. go trump! @unclelouie clearly trump gets social media. his tweets are everywhere & no sugar coating he keeps it real. wish all candidates did that. @houstonwelder: donald trump is one of the sexiest men on this planet. every woman dreams of a good man who tells it like it is. so true! irrelevant clown @karlrove sweats and shakes nervously on @foxnews as he talks bull about me. has zero cred. made fool of himself in 12. i hear @pennjillette show on broadway is terrible. not surprised boring guy penn . without the apprentice show would have died long ago. i loved firing goofball atheist penn @pennjillette on the apprentice. he never had a chance. wrote letter to me begging for forgiveness. i hope the boycott of @macys continues forever. so many people are cutting up their cards. macy s stores suck and they are bad for u.s.a. @joshdronzek @realdonaldtrump @macys go trump. .@andydean2014 thank you you were great. you can defend me anytime. amazing job. .@bradsteinle great talking to you and your parentsfantastic people. keep your sisters very important memory alivebig impact! .@foxnews you shouldnt have @karlrove on the airhes a clown with zero credibilitya bushy! .@karlrove wasted 400 million and didnt win one racea total loser. @foxnews. @michaelplu @realdonaldtrump @macys we never shopped at macy s anyway & will now encourage three daughters not to as well. @rasmussennews @weeklystandard yea but you know the only problem i see? the donald is the only one willing to tell it like it is!! @pbstwo @rasmussennews @realdonaldtrump @weeklystandard. and the donald owes nothing to lobbyists. @chanrogers i literally give a fist pump when i see @realdonaldtrump tell things the way they are & calling out those with no credibility. thank you. they are great people! @christianinst @morenodadkc @barbaragarro the democratic party has never given latinos anything! just manipulate them through univision. @danforc as a legal immigrant i m so glad someone standing up for us the millions who do things by the book to earn our place here thx. via @breitbartnews by steve bannon: time to get tough: trumps blockbuster policy manifesto. is this true about univision and fusion? wow!?! 30000 macys customers retaliate in support of donald trump via @breitbartnews by @aswoyer. via @fsmtweet: trump is right: illegal alien crime is staggering in scope and savagery. via @time by @zekejmiller: trump talks politics at his virginia winery. flashback donald trump blasts obama for failing to secure christian pastors freedom in iran via @theblaze. no deal is better than a bad deal. america out negotiated again. #iran. dopey @lawrence odonnell whose unwatchable show is dying in the ratings said that my apprentice numbers were wrong. he is a fool! the worst show in las vegas in my opinion is @pennjillette. hokey garbage. new york show even worse! the iran deal poses a direct national security threat. it must be stopped in congress. stand up republicans! leaving for new hampshire now. making a speechpacked house. love it! we need leaders who can negotiate great deals for americans. it is common sense. lets make america great again! more bush cronyism jeb bush and the common core money trail its the bush way! no government ever voluntarily reduces itself in size. so governments programs once launched never disappear. ronald reagan. cnn: new gop polls show trump s favorability is up. the thousands of people that showed up for me in phoenix were amazing americans. @senjohnmccain called them crazies --must apologize! .@senjohnmccain should be defeated in the primaries. graduated last in his class at annapolis--dummy! .@governorperry just gave a pollster quote on me. he doesn t understand what the word demagoguery means. .@governorperry failed on the border. he should be forced to take an iq test before being allowed to enter the gop debate. thoughts and prayers to the families of the four great marines killed today. get rid of gun free zones. the four great marines who were just shot never had a chance. they were highly trained but helpless without guns. @gotmade: @realdonaldtrump @johnmccain trump speaks the truth about foolish leaders negotiating and you hate the truth mccain. @therealcamsand: it would be to cool if @realdonaldtrump was the president. thanks! @tamaralynn212: @rwsurfergirl @realdonaldtrump the whole gov. needs to be remodeled he s the man for the job. i d love to see him prez. i had thousands join me in new hampshire last night! @hillaryclinton had 68. the #silentmajority is fed up with what is going on in america! looking forward to speaking at the @argop reagan-rockefeller dinner tonight! record crowd. we are no longer silent! #makeamericagreatagain! military lives matter! end gun free zones! our soldiers must be able to protect themselves! this has to stop! we will no longer be silent. we can take our country back! lets make america great again! via @ap march2013: jeb said he was open topathway for citizenship for illegal immigrants lying on campaign trail! donald trump was proven right on another one of his top issues thursday: gun free zones at military bases. god s word is the same yesterday and today and a million years from now. - @franklin graham. via @breitbartnews-. via @washtimes by @dsherfinski. via @tpinsidr. response to huffington post-. .@genesimmons really great job handling the wise guys --- so easy for you--- such talent! i wont forget. .@genesimmonsamazing!thank you. @nonstop85716: @realdonaldtrump.i am always on the road. i am gonna do the absentee ballot thing in the primary s and mr trump has my vote. @jcippy: @realdonaldtrump for our next president !! @amandajoan40: this is the first time in my adult life that i have been excited about an election #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @joeycarna: @realdonaldtrump if you don t win i m moving to europe. we will all win together! @billyparker03: @realdonaldtrump the @billandmoshow has your back! trump for prez! @stevemullaney1: @realdonaldtrump has all of my support!! @jimlibertarian: @realdonaldtrump @nonstop85716 it doesn t matter how you vote for donald just remember to vote donald trump for potus. @rua1ri: @realdonaldtrump your what america needs donald! thank you. @koltonbittner: .@realdonaldtrump makes me proud to be an american so nice thank you! the liberal clown @ariannahuff told her minions at the money losing @huffingtonpost to cover me as enterainment. i am #1 in huff post poll. it s driving @ariannahuff & the money losing @huffingtonpost post crazy that i am #1 in their poll and they only write bad stories about me! made a speech in arkansas last night before a record gop crowd. great spirit and amazing people. make america great again! ratings starved @cnn and @cnnpolitics does not cover me accurately. why can t they get it right - it s really not that hard! the 10 billion net worth is after all debt and liabilities. so simple to understand but @cnn & @cnnpolitics is just plain dumb! i am now in iowa getting ready to speak. people are always amazed to find out that i am protestant presbyterian . great. statement on john mccain-. just left family leadership summit in iowa got a standing ovation from many wonderful people. i will be back soon. in addition to doing a lousy job in taking care of our vets john mccain let us down by losing to barack obama in his run for president! captured or not all our soldiers are heroes! the veterans of our country have been treated like third class citizens for many years... ....john mccain has failed miserably to fix the situation and to make it possible for veterans to successfully manage their lives. all he does is go on television is talk talk talk but incapable of doing anything. i will make this right for our great vets! it s a national embarrassment that an illegal immigrant can walk across the border and receive free health care and one of our veterans..... ....that has served our country is put on a waiting list and gets no care. i have a proven track record supporting our veterans. veterans deserve universal access to care. va scandal proves politicians are inept. congrats to the new gov. of texas @gregabbott tx for taking a tough & bold stance at the border. should have been done long ago by perry. why would anybody listen to @mittromney? he lost an election that should have easily been won against obama. by the wayso did john mccain! via @fitsnews: donald trump: john mccain is a loser. one of the reasons i am no fan of john mccain is that our vets are being treated so badly by him and the politicians. i will fix va quickly. wow @sharylattkisson just wrote the definitive piece on what i said about john mccain. @deannecox777: @sharylattkisson because she shoots straight like you do mr trump. no bullsh!t. just truth! #factcheck #quithatin. @sloopjohnb15: @realdonaldtrump @sharylattkisson i m on the #trumptrain2016. @amsardina: @realdonaldtrump @sharylattkisson kick there ass trump. @dunn cheri: @sharylattkisson mr trump the only one telling the truth. liberals can t stand the fact that your are leading in the poll. @mwood 79: @sharylattkisson why do they attack mr trump? because he has something they dont. the ability of truth! trump is here! john mccain called thousands of people crazies when they came to seek help on illegal immigration last week in phoenix. he owes apology! the veterans administration is in shambles and our veterans are suffering greatly. john mccain has done nothing to help them but talk. a true piece about the standing ovations i got yesterday. the republican party must get tougher and smarter and fast or it will go down to a very big defeat - just like the last two times! i will be making some very big campaign stops next week - big crowds and tremendous energy! make america great again. my @usatopinion piece: trump: i don t need to be lectured. @hl3tweets: mccain epitomizes the career politicians who have gotten us into our 19 trillion train-wreck including the va debacle. @pg rant: they can t handle you donald so want you out the race well good luckbecause we know you won t walk away! give it to them. @2014 vince: the left wing politically correct cannot handle big don giving the truth....reality....keep saying it like it is !!!! @sjbatis: @realdonaldtrump bravo for saying whats on most of americans mind. lets make america great again! @ginaandersonrn: @realdonaldtrump ...rn for 27 yrs. veterans have less benefits than medicaid recipients. thnx for speaking#truth. @ebalky: @realdonaldtrump that s all the career politicians do is talk. @kda20151223: @realdonaldtrump trump for president. @maxchupailo: @kuuleme69 @cspan @realdonaldtrump gotta love the honesty. @97musick: @realdonaldtrump voters like tough and smart ... that s why we are voting trump 2016!! @restore us now: @johnnyg 62 @realdonaldtrump @ginaandersonrn ...what do you say now??? @bdean1468: @realdonaldtrump @maxchupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan we love you trump!!! trump for president! #makeamericagreatagain. @janetaylorann: @realdonaldtrump will make the best president ever. @andres 3v: @realdonaldtrump you have the guts and backbone this country politics has needed for years. #trump2016 #trumpforamerica. @kathleenlove10: @realdonaldtrump @maxchupailo @kuuleme69 @cspan the truth hurts sometimes who cares...keep telling it like it is!! @vettesetter: rt @realdonaldtrump: my @usatopinion piece: trump: i don t need to be lectured. @jenism101: @realdonaldtrump @97musick trump is the only person we believe will actually set things right. @rw84jr: @realdonaldtrump glad u r man enough 2 speak the truth in this pathetic politically correct world! the ever dwindling @wsj which is worth about 1 10 of what it was purchased for is always hitting me politically. who cares! we will soon be at a point with our incompetent politicians where we will be treating illegal immigrants better than our veterans. @johnjcarp61 at least we re talking about the #va! we weren t a month ago! @realdonaldtrump @johnmccain. @vetapologist this is big criticism of the republican field. speak truth and stop being so pc. this is why @realdonaldtrump resonates! @danscavino @realdonaldtrump hosts events around the #usa 4our #veterans. long before a presidential run. he loves our military. @ eod i believe we have passed that point. there are homeless veterans in usa & yet illegal aliens get government housing. @rtmatador trump says things that no one else would even consider saying i agree with him on the immigration situation i love honesty. @mjjustus1 @andrewstilesusa @realdonaldtrump trump already hosts vets at his resorts. what does hillary do? @valenti317 @realdonaldtrump the left is petrified of you! why else would they be attacking you so vigorously? @linflies @ghostdancer 2 @contrarian11 @michaelcohen212 @chriscuomo @deptvetaffairs ...rest of gop only cries but trump gets stuff done. @amit @realdonaldtrump i agree 100 . mccain is fighting for illegal immigrant but never did anything for our vets. it was only after i informed nbc that i wouldn t do the apprentice that they became upset w me. they couldnt care less about inclusion. this story is no longer about john mccain its about our horribly treated vets. illegals are treated better than our wonderful veterans. look how small the pages have become @wsj. looks like a tabloidsaving money i assume! i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. will be talking about the poor treatment of our veterans illegal immigration etc. @mikeezepek: @dloesch great interview! give trump a hot mic and watch out! it is the rawness the non-pc guy. #makeamericagreatagain. @malibu101834: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor i ll watch anything that gives you a chance to share your views. go donald. @alyssathgreat: senjohnmccain is always talking talking but nothing gets done. these #veterans are living in hell. #oreillyfactor. @kpmck63: i m going to listen to @realdonaldtrump long before i listen to georgelopez #makeamericagreatagain. @shepherdgarrett: it doesn t matter what the media thinks--it matters what the american people think keep it up! #makeamericagreatagain. @pjtv: on top the gop democrats and media have all hit @realdonaldtrump heres the result:. @dark red hair: .@realdonaldtrump - u hit a home run on the factor. @djf123: @realdonaldtrump @pjtv #donaldwillbethegopnominee! @drake4444444: @realdonaldtrump you re killing jeb in the polls! keep it up! @briancstandsup: @realdonaldtrump i m convinced. let s go trump. #trump2016. @2009softail: you nailed it on @oreillyfactor tonite. you say what most middle class folks yell at their tv every night - you speak 4 us. @tcastilonia: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor your the opening story on every political showradio or tv. @tonyparker1981: @nate cohn @chrislhayes not a huge surprise all day t.v. is all about @realdonaldtrump and nothing about berniesanders. @mrsjrobbins: america needs @realdonaldtrump !!! #trump2016. @greengolf56: @realdonaldtrump keep going mr trump america needs you. @bjseastoneamp: proud of you @realdonaldtrump keep cutting through the #politicalcrap and tell it like it is. @lizaperri: @realdonaldtrump the more the media attacks you the more i know you are the right person for the job. @schwartzb: @realdonaldtrump we need your help donald! make us great again! @jwcarrr: @anncoulter @sentences ben carson has not criticized trump! and there s no need to mention dr. carson s education! @bxldgxng: @realdonaldtrump i ve never felt more strongly about anything in my life you are the only person who can truly fix america. @erintighe : @realdonaldtrump your the only person who really wants to save america. @kpdelbridge: fox news-get your facts straight! trump did not put down vets-he put down a clown named mccain! @seanhannity. wow new @abcnews @washingtonpost @gop preference poll has donaldtrump 11 points up! thank you. @azuriterealtor: @realdonaldtrump @erintighe keep going on you can win! @albertozambrano: @heinzfguderian well get your facts straight. mccain was so bad he gave us obama. he gave arms to islamic terrorists. @alleykat2: @realdonaldtrump doesn t need the influence peddlers money so he can be his own man so true. @mrdannyarthur: @paul beiss @lg4lg @seanhannity @senjohnmccain phoenix va led the league in scandals! mccain knew! did nothing! @tea party chris: @repdavid @repmattsalmon @reptrentfranks @realjameswoods #trump2016 #trump #trumpforpresident. @ultradave1951: @realdonaldtrump check out mccains record on blocking legislation - blocking mia pow records. @stevemarz1: @felix clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity but mccain is not a hero. mccain abandoned pow mccain lies. @edwardfrancisii: can t be bought @realdonaldtrump - #2016election. @ahmedbawazir: i m very sure that @realdonaldtrump does things excellently. @knight276: @realdonaldtrump @kpdelbridge @seanhannity i m a veteran. i m not offended by trump. @thenorawilliams: i m #africanamerican & i know without a doubt that donaldtrump is the only answer to get the #usa out of this mess! @wesleyruedy: donald trump is the man. and people don t appreciate his honesty. @realdonaldtrump thank you. @connorbaldwin21: @realdonaldtrump has the balls to say what needs to be said and i love it. @bigg ritch: the reason trump is the man... he wants americans to work not illegal aliens. they live better than we do illegally. @1barbara1: @realdonaldtrump @stevemarz1 @felix clay @kpdelbridge @seanhannity vietnam veterans against mccain-. @ileadliberty: i truly love this land of the free and i know that donaldtrump will cut through the confusion and make america great again! @dancriscuolo: if donald trump isn t my president by 2017 i m gettin the h k outta here! @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @michaeljohns: #trump support surges even higher after #mccain statement. why? trump is a fighter. #gop. just got great national poll numbers - double digit lead! thank you we will all make america great again! @dillydoesit trump has no problem telling it how it is isn t that what everyone has been wanting from a president? #makeamericagreatagain. good luck to my new friends on your testimony in dc. you are amazing people doing something so important--- stopping illegal immigration! rick perry did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. he should be ashamed of himself. gov. abbott has since been terrific. .@breitbartnews is much smarter than sleepy eyes @chucktodd @nbc thanks to steve bannon & real reporters. .@zachjohnsonpga you re one of the truly great competitiors. ive said it for years. great going winning @openchampionship - not surprised! via @ap by @kronayne & @colvinj: disavowed by gop leaders trump has supporters cheering. response to the des moines register-. flags to be flown at half-staff at all trump properties in honor of the five fallen soldiers-. @billd111 @seanhannity any candidate that says trump or anyone else should step down for speaking his mind should himself step down. i m glad president obama followed my lead and lowered the flags half-staff. it s about time! @woofeous @realdonaldtrump gop establishment forgets that donald does not speak nor act like a retail politician . @jinx510 @realdonaldtrump don t get discouraged keep telling the truth. your detractors can t handle the truth. @iamerican all talk no walk. old politics. let s go @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain #getitdone. my response to the failing des moines register the ultra liberal paper that has no power in iowa. via @gatewaypundit: mother of murdered teen thanks donald trump during senate hearing. great day today in south carolina. fantastic capacity crowd amazing people! @insuradude: @foxandfriends @foxnation tell your owner murdoch we are turning fox off if he keeps belittling @realdonaldtrump. no fox! i hear a failing new york newspaper is going to publish one of my old cell phone numbers. so original - just one of many! @meonajourney: @realdonaldtrump @billd111 @seanhannity trump is the alpha of the #gop candidates the rest are betas! #trump2016. @pvalk16: many are missing the point the us needs @realdonaldtrump to get things done. instead they focus on sensation and media. @jimlibertarian: @nbcnewyork in god we trust and in donald we trust donald will make america second to none in every aspect known to man! @prestonsdayoff: @montel williams @oreillyfactor mr. trump has the stones to tell the truth about this country! no more career politicians. @waite lane:if you don t want trump as president then you don t want what your great grandfather fought so hard for #makeamericagreatagain. @forrestben94: i don t care what people say i love @realdonaldtrump confidence. @drewcarter49: @realdonaldtrump @prestonsdayoff @montel williams @oreillyfactor donald trump is the new ronald reagan! thank you. @chr:donaldtrump reminds me of reagan his first time.everyone was like is he for real yup! libs hate him and make fun of him. im on board. @pjaliveguy: no matter what @realdonaldtrump says the media and the republican establishment will attack it. time for something that works! @halangmanok: will be the the leader that everyone wants! cant be sold and speaks the truth! everyone run! @bam4au @cnn @realdonaldtrump @lindseygrahamsc keep punching donald! trump it!! trump is telling the truth! true thanks. .@governorperry in my office last cycle playing nice and begging for my support and money. hypocrite! i m going to the border tomorrow. will be seeing some really brave people. look forward to a big day! thank you @chucktodd for your commentary last night on @nbcnightlynews. very fair -- we are making progress together! via @ breitbartnews by @bobpricebbtx: donald trump heading to texas border. donald trump on va woes: id fire everybody you fix it by getting trump elected via @washtimes by @dsherfinski. obama still will keep all military recruitment centers & bases gun free zones! it has to stop. military lives matter! will be interviewed by @andersoncooper on @cnn tonight. lets see if he treats me fairlyenjoy! shouldnt george will have to give a disclaimer every time he is on fox that his wife works for scott walker? lets trump the establishment! we are no longer silent. we will make america great again! it s going to take an outsider to clean up after clinton bush and obama. let s make america great again! via @cbnnews by @thebrodyfile: brody file exclusive: donald trump comes out in support of 20 week abortion ban. @jimlibertarian: @realdonaldtrump is leaving rick perry in the dustand everyone else for that matter donald will be our next potus. @cherokeeshaman2: donald trump was right ! mccain amongst other rnc s voted to cut us military veterans pensions. .@frankluntz knows nothing about me or my religion. came to my office looking for work. i had no interest. i will save the vets! @bb1959 : @frankluntz i am not impressed with luntz. never have been. what makes him an expert - he has a good racket going. @bhill3333: we don t know trump positions & he s dominating polls. @gop should learn we don t want soft pc focus group driven speeches #gop. @bitchpuuuhlease: @realdonaldtrump @frankluntz mr trump thank you for getting the american people excited about politics again!!! .@tedcruz you were terrific on @seanhannity tonight. i am going to the border tomorrow. @tarabernie: hey @realdonaldtrump check out access hollywood: thank you dan rather we have just begun! @gene70: @realdonaldtrump @macys america hears you donald!!! and the people you are running against will hear all of us soon! donald donald. @patriot4657: @megynkelly the other candidates are scared. trump tells it like it is. maybe rich but talks like he is an everyday joe. @ronnussbeck: @maxinerunner i am a veteran from arizona john mccain voted to give illegal aliens benefits & take them from disabled vets. .@ac360 has the absolutely worst anti-trump talking heads on his show. dopey writer o brian knows nothing about me or my wealth. a waste! @woodardralph31: @gene70 @macys we the people are so tired of all the guys talking the same old same donald will back up his words!!!! boycott @macys no guts no glory. besides there are far better stores! @moekamerow: @ac360 anderson cooper only wants to hear his answers. mr. trump tells the truth and can t be bought democrat for trump. @akawhit1: @maxinerunner @ronnussbeck @realdonaldtrump mccain who? #vets give donald trump standing ovation. @fedupwithgovern: congress can t find money for veterans houses feeds educates provide drs for illegals gives iran over 200 billion. @3rdedit: media attacking you early this morning. a good sign!america is proud of you for ignoring the media & telling it like it is! what a waste of time being interviewed by @andersoncooper when he puts on really stupid talking heads liketim o brien-dumb guy with no clue! .@billkristol bill your small and slightly failing magazine will be a giant success when you finally back trump. country will soar! getting ready to lift off for laredo. will land at 1:oo p.m. should be exciting and informative! @rox473: @realdonaldtrump keep telling it like it is. refreshing no political bs. @sanchezbrutus: plz stay safe dear sir the world needs you.your competition is no more presidential than an alley cat is a mountain lion. @kathe56kat: @realdonaldtrump please be careful thank you! @lagirlrebelyell:safe travels donaldtrump can t wait to hear the report later today! ty for all you are doing to take this country back. @michaelcohen212 michael cohen on wolf blitzer #cnn @wolfblitzer. true! @jaybaby63 mr. trump thank you! for having a clue and not being afraid of what others think or say about you. i want my country back! thanks. @themakaylamarie @realdonaldtrump is exactly what we need. he says what the others are too afraid to say! i m for him 110 . thanks. @thejordanhafizi @realdonaldtrump is the only candidate that isn t politically correct and that speaks the truth on what s on his mind! great! @grant hose i like @realdonaldtrump . he isn t fake. he tells you the truth not what you wanna hear . @tmautner1211 if all the hispanics hate the @realdonaldtrump why was he surrounded by so many hispanics at the border? @rtylerr4 don t let the press put words in your mouth! @realdonaldtrump awesome job at the border! you re doing great! .@bobbyjindal watched youon @teamcavuto. made some excellent points. best wishes. @woodsy gal: been a long time since i ve cared abt politics since the gop been a disaster. that s changed bc of you. love u! #trump2016. youre just not getting there @danaperino. sometimes things just dont work out but dont worry--- no problem! thoughts & prayers with everyone in lafayette louisiana this evening. @facingeast52: @realdonaldtrump please be careful there the boarder is a dangerous place according to those who live near there. @flanny1971: @realdonaldtrump clearly puts this country first! security vets economy and won t bow down to other world leaders! true. @titanicqueen @ladysandersfarm what frightens them abt trump is his totally non political correct nature donald is shaking up the house! @mitchellvii @thehill @slone here s a crazy thought. maybe trump is gaining traction because he s right? great read: how new york s veterans day parade became america s parade. .@williebosshog watched you on @foxandfriends. you were great and i appreciate the nice statements. im sending out for your new book now! when will anyone be held accountable for the va scandal? the politicians are experts in never facing any consequence. dc has shrunk our military and exploded our country with debt. we cant send another politician to the white house. i love bluffton sc what a great place -- what great people. arriving to check out the border. from an amazing day on the border in laredo. be sure to get a copy of @williebosshog s new book american hunter. it is time to send someone from the outside to fix dc from the inside. lets make america great again! @gpavlik7 1 2 of new california drivers licenses go to undocumented immigrants. read the sac bee july 17th. go get em trump! @paulkellysr mr trump thanks for saying what millions are thinking. we need to turn america around if we want to save her. @nozzero @realdonaldtrump finally someone who is not sugar coating the mess in this country!!! @danscavino: via economist yougov 7242015 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. true thanks. true! @kimbredesen @realdonaldtrump i appreciate that you don t apologize when someone is offended by what you say. #makeamericagreatagain. .@marklevinshow has written a great book plunder and deceit. he powerfully analyzes issues that are crucial to us today. read it! thank you @dennisrodman. it s time to #makeamericagreatagain! i hope you are doing well! isnt it amazing that @macys paid a massive fine for profiling african americans--& then criticized me for discussing illegal immigration! via @breitbartnews by @noltenc: donald trump surges to commanding lead in post-mccain backlash poll. @mykalfury: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump i hear same doubters as i heard when reagan ran against carter. press said he d lose. reagan won. @andreaweslien: #debate @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump if not for donald who d watch gop upcoming debate? sour grapes. @lucascoon1: @realdonaldtrump reaganomics created 16 million new jobs and trumpenomics will create 16 million more. @conniehegel: @realdonaldtrump if trump is not on that stage no one will watch so true! @hammetjohn: in my lifetime i ve never seen americans energized excited about voting. @realdonaldtrump woke up about 300 million people. @shella bella: @conniehegel my god! why can t the gop see that trump is doing this solely 4 r country! he had a very comfortable life! @operator1975: @realdonaldtrump please mr. trump keep the pressure on and bring change to this country!!!!! @garethbale22: @realdonaldtrump you re going to turn america around donald i can feel it. @sandrapatriot: @stephenfhayes what u really should b angry abt is the invasion of millions of illegals tking over america! not donaldtrump. getting ready to go to iowa today. big crowd - will be a great day! big poll just out by @theeconomist has me in 1st. place by a lot. a great honor but we have a long way to go to make america great again! @kerrygold1914: @realdonaldtrump @theeconomist the donald is crushing it. @stonezipper: @stephenfhayes donald trump if he stops running for president he s not what we the people think he is. will never happen! @energypryde: @realdonaldtrump @theeconomist trump in office restores us swagger. the ultra liberal and seriously failing des moines register is begging my team for press credentials to my event in iowa today-but they lie! isn t it funny that i am now #1 in the money losing @huffingtonpost poll and by a big margin. dummy @ariannahuff must be thrilled! .@macys is a big contributor to @ppfa . anybody against planned parenthood should boycott racial profiling macys. .@shawnjohnson congratulations on your engagement --- he is a lucky guy. you are a true winner and will be an amazing couple. .@scottwalker despite your coming to my office to give me an award your very dumb fundraiser hit me very hard--- not smart! supporters waiting to hear me speak in oskaloosa iowa. #makeamericagreatagain. packed venue of people who want to #makeamericagreatagain. great success in iowa today. fantastic sold out crowd. will be back soon! always great to speak with veterans - our nation s heroes. we will make america great again! @gqforbes: trump on jobs. pls rt @realdonaldtrump. @rustyosborne15: @realdonaldtrump you got my vote thanks. @twendencyusa: #twendency tweet of the hour in usa politics #9pm by @realdonaldtrump. @coachabda: please don t change a thing. your attitude is exactly what this country needs.no tip-toeing this man tells it how it is! @yossigestetner: whoa! @realdonaldtrump shoots up to 28 in yougov from 15 two wks ago outperforms mccain in favorables among vets. great. @dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @realdonaldtrump veterans for trump 2016. @tricianc1: @centaur6d if i were walker i d be afraid of trump outing his 14 yr support of amnesty benefits pathway for illegals. @g pluth: @rednationrising hats off to @realdonaldtrump for sticking it to liberal msm. @dmregister a horrible newspaper failing badly. @foshay504: @greta donaldtrump-love him! it s time to run america like a business. we ve given all our wealth to china n mexico!! no more! @otto2468: @realdonaldtrump he built up his company to be prosperous and successful. why can t he do the same with america? #trump2016. @hl3tweets: @coachabda trump is the only candidate who doesn t test his statements before focus groups to be sure no one is offended. true. @zacharysmitty: @realdonaldtrump i just listened to this speech and loved it! @richmcloughlin: @realdonaldtrump @yossigestetner give them hell. @kingschnabel: @realdonaldtrump college students love trump. never change. great. @guthrie kelley: @realdonaldtrump amen. thank you trump. @hturne: @realdonaldtrump vets tired of mccain using them as talking points and photo ops and nothing being done. .@scottwalker is a nice guy but not presidential material. wisconsin is in turmoil borrowing to the hilt and doing poorly in jobs etc. @faithful usa: i m a 10th generation american of spanish descent i support donaldtrump hispanic doesn t mean illegal #makeamericagreatagain. @moderatemic: .donaldtrump: ask @scottwalker why he left 1000 wi jobs on the table due to a political deal with the @paysbig potawatomi. @walterwhfla: @realdonaldtrump unless u got cheese for brains you are not voting for walker ! next. @ john handel: @realdonaldtrump @scottwalker and walker is destroying once great wisconsin universities. @brammz3: in full support of @realdonaldtrump for #potus! no reason he shouldn t win the @gop nomination. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @bluestarwindow: @realdonaldtrump @bdean1468 putin knows that obama is a danger to the world. putin will respect president trump true! @eoetzel: @peddoc63 @realdonaldtrump jebbush i think we the people would prefer many other choices over jeb.... @davidkyleonline: @realdonaldtrump attack walker on common core. state grassroots not happy with him on cc inaction. @about life: @realdonaldtrump i luv america 4 trump 2016 - lets make america great again! - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com. @about life: @realdonaldtrump silent warriors 4 trump 2016 - vets! lets take america back! - silentwarriors4trump2016@gmail.com. @agent 54 @theblaze @pretrim10 msm can t push donaldtrump around. no more pc political hacks! @fubaglady: .@npomalley @yossigestetner you understand mccain is a rino senator who voters can t stand & who s over stayed his welcome? @about life: politician have been running ruining america for years lets change that now -trump 2016 - iluvamerica4trump2016@gmail.com. @billyjowiggins: @realdonaldtrump the lion does not concern himself with the opinion of sheep. @pauladuvall2: outsider donald trump assesses & addresses major american problems. what has congress been doing for the past 7 years? @dditarant: america needs @realdonaldtrump ! #trump2016 #buildthefence #makeamericagreatagain. @man in the hole: our leaders are dummies. they don t know what s going on. it s true they re incompetent. #trump #makeamericagreatagain. @luismp77: @realdonaldtrump team trump all the way! @sorensen ao: @huffpostukpol @realdonaldtrump #donaldtrump will shake up politics like no other ever could or will. #interestingtimesahead. @eddiebrognano: scottwalker thank you for saying what the media hasnt said about walker. wisconsin is a hot mess and it s his fault. @bluestarwindow: @bdean1468 @realdonaldtrump @twendencyusa we shall make america great again. @pauladuvall2: washington politicians are either dishonest or incompetent. must be since 7 yrs of lawlessness in wh are ignored. @arful1dodger: @realdonaldtrump i know seniors that are in 70s and go to shooting ranges weekly to protect their family and self ! @pauladuvall2: before mr. trump s presidential bid i was leaning toward walker! glad i was saved from stepping in something terrible. @silversharen: obama is in africa pledging 1billion dollars to help them. how about that money to help america. trump for potus. @bollweevil51: @realdonaldtrump great speech in iowa....obama kerry throw israel under the bus. @bfgbobgrant: @realdonaldtrump @hammetjohn i ve been awake but now see a chance of real hope with trump. @bfgbobgrant: @realdonaldtrump @operator1975 agreed! we need you! @mitchprefach: donaldtrump iowa speech excellent. particularly the end about israel and iran. more foreign policy please. you have my vote. @rp53pierce: @realdonaldtrump mr trump you re a breath of fresh air all these career politicians are not doing the business for the people. thank you wayne root -- we will #makeamericagreatagain! thank you greta. @alexpagliano caught @realdonaldtrump s speech from iowa. why is the media portraying him so poorly? guy has passion great ideas. great news im now leading in most polls w new cnn poll also having me #1. nbc i am #1 in nh by a lot #2 in iowa close & gaining. when people find out how bad a job scott walker has done in wi they wont be voting for him. massive deficit bad jobs forecast a mess. @jimlibertarian @grantrobertb @michaelcohen212 you re damn right we want the truthwe ve been lied to 4 years and we ve had it.#trump2016. @cj112connie i don t get the media??trump is ahead in every poll but won t give him credit they say he won t make it?? 60 of us say yes. @scorpio5053 @realdonaldtrump is the real deal. hes not running for his health. believes in the red white & blue.@unitedcitizen01. @mdtaylorjr everyone else have fun being politically correct. meanwhile @realdonaldtrump is speaking the truth. #trump2016. .@steverattner while i think you should have gone to prison for what you did i guess obama saved you. but watch i will win! @read my note no wonder why @realdonaldtrump is ahead in the presidential polls.. people are tired of the same old crap from washington! thanks. @tommcpeek more people r gravitating to @realdonaldtrump because they re tired of all the usual bs. via @nytpolitics by @ashleyrparker: strong showings for donald trump in iowa and new hampshire polls. iowans drawn to donald trump praise his antiestablishment bent via @wsj by @heatherhaddon & @reidepstein. we must build a wall to secure our border. it will save lives and help make america great again! veterans please call 855- vets- 352 or email address veterans@donaldtrump.com to share your stories about the need to reform the va. thanks lou. @scoodiegolden twitter loves trump. 1000 s of retweets for mr. trump while @scottwalker gets 5 to 10 #makeamericagreatagain! .@governorsununu who couldn t get elected dog catcher in nh forgot to mention my phenomenal biz success rate: 99.2. @amymek the media hates trump b c he s a proud american entrepreneur who loves his country wants others 2 succeed & calls out their lies. i own turnberry in scotland one of great resorts in world. womens british open there this week. ill go for two days & back on trail. be in turnberry on thurs am for start of women s british open one of world s great golf tournaments. back soon to #makeamericagreatagain! ill be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 pm and look forward to it. lots to discuss! enjoy. @moses11211: donald trump leads in new #gop polls.. @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump. boston s mayor walsh wasted a lot of time and money on going for the olympics and then he gave up. i don t want him negotiating for me! will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity at 10:00. there is so much to talk about! @lifezette:jeb & hillary could stand to learn a thing or two from @realdonaldtrump about making america great again. @robertaritzen: @anncoulter @seanhannity we love him! i love his truth telling. that he s so real and calls it how he sees it. #trump2016. thank you @scottienhughes for the great job you did on @cnn. great energy and smarts! i will not let you down. .@thebrodyfile was fantastic tonight on @cnn. thank you we will make america great again! @usarestoring: @hillaryclinton s toast. dems had better get the b team off the bench. @tgowdysc for attorney general under president trump. @whitejl0111: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump mccain hasn t done anything for the vets fact! he only talks about himself! @dc1a7ce3d7f7402: @michaeljohns @realdonaldtrump veterans for trump 2016. @thehill @realdonaldtrump the people of nh know what the american people know: trump is the only one with any clue about how to fix things. after all is said and done more is said than done. -- aesop. thank you @mcuban for your nice words. i am rapidly becoming a @dallasmavs fan! we must protect our veterans. #makeamericagreatagain. my @foxnews int. with @seanhannity on obama being all talk & no action & making america great again! via @politico by poll: trump has twice the support of bush in new hampshire. .#irandeal will go down as one of the dumbest & most dangerous misjudgments ever entered into in history of our countryincompetent leader! via cnsnews by @sjonescns: trump explains his appeal: people are tired...of these incompetent politicians. @marklevinshow: plunder and deceit via @amspec by @jeffjlpa1. via @limbaugh: trump doubled down -- and it worked. obamas nuclear deal with the iranians will lead to a nuclear arms race in the middle east. it has to be stopped. we can make washington work for us. its time for real leadership. lets #makeamericagreatagain! government s first duty is to protect the people not run their lives. ronald reagan. while im beating my opponents in the polls im also beating lobbyists special interests & donors that are supporting them with billions. a nation without borders is not a nation at all. we must have a wall. the rule of law matters. jeb just doesnt get it. via @breitbartnews by @mboyle1: trump: obama shouldnt attack americans overseas hillarys email was criminal. @anncoulter: .donaldtrump leads w hispanics. christie who supported in-state tuition 4 illegals -scrape bottom. public policy polling ppp has just come out with a major poll putting me #1 with hispanics - leading all republican candidates.told you so. @jan102345678: @realdonaldtrump mr.trumpi am thrilled you are running for president of usa.you are the only man for the job!!! .@cnn & @cnnpolitics did not say that lawyer beck lost the case and i got legal fees. also she wanted to breast pump in front of me at dep. lawyer elizabeth beck was easy for me to beat. ask her clients if they are happy with her results against me. got total win and legal fees. .cnn & @cnnpolitics lawyer elizabeth beck did a terrible job against me she lost i even got legal fees . i loved beating hershe was easy. .@cnn why is somebody beck i beat so soundly all of a sudden an expert on donald trump all over television . she knows nothing about me. so many people who know nothing about me are commenting all over t.v. and the media as though they have great d.j.t. insight. know nothing! thank you @morning joe for throwing the pathetic reporter from the failing and money losing daily beast off the air. really cool! i truly love all of the millions of people who are sticking with me despite so many media lies. there is a great silent majority looming! @tomnocera @danscavino @dallasmavs @mcuban trump s work ethic gives me hope - he s a tireless and smart worker: a winner not a whiner. this is an outrage! bias-free language guide claims the word american is problematic -- what?! @jereegeestavich @realdonaldtrump you are blowing everyone else away. not just ahead but doubling. wow. via @saintpetersblog by @mitcheperry: shock poll: donald trump leads jeb bush 26-20 in florida. per @rushlimbaugh: why does hillary clinton get the benefit of the doubt after she destroys her illegal email server ... ... while tom brady is guilty because he replaced his legal cellphone? trump will make america great!!!! #changetheworldin5words. how can a dummy dope like harry hurt who wrote a failed book about me but doesnt know me or anything about me be on tv discussing trump? people like lawyer elizabeth beck and failed writer harry hurt & others talk about me but know nothing about mecrazy! thank you. i really like the koch brothers members of my p.b. club but i don t want their money or anything else from them. cannot influence trump! getting ready to leave for my great resort turnberry in scotland. hosting the women s british open biggest tournament . will be back sat. @billlester651: @danscavino @realdonaldtrump latinos for trump believes in trump. @me lisa m: @danscavino @realdonaldtrump just updated voter registration in fl #votetrump. @linablue: @realdonaldtrump i love the fact you can t be bought ... @linflies @califortrump @realdonaldtrump we love #trumpforpresident & thankful. @jennifer75ar @amymek he s not for sale like the politicians are! that s why he gives us truth! trump for prez! #trump2016. @lasannewton @realdonaldtrump the only candidate who will not owe favors to campaign contributors. @bdean1468 the alpha male in the 2016 race: @realdonaldtrump he has real success stories tons of money confident & he s his own backer. carl cameron @foxnews is the only reporter i know who consistently fumbles & misrepresents poll results. he has been so wrong & he hates it! just at a news conference from trump turnberry in scotland. everybody was there & will be all over television tonite. back on trail saturday. i look forward to the debate on thursday night & it is certainly my intention to be very nice & highly respectful of the other candidates. the polls have been consistently great. the silent majority is speaking. politicians are failing. #makeamericagreatagain! thank you. thank you for your service! should not raise taxes in wisconsin but massive budget deficit. education roads etc suffering. @danhenninger lies. @wsj. will be leaving trump turnberry tomorrow--place & women s british open are great. will be back hitting hard tomorrow. @turnberrybuzz. wow some new and even greater polls--thank you! if you think you can do a thing or think you can t do a thing you re right. -- henry ford. @sjh2222 difference between politicians and @realdonaldtrump pols are bought & paid for. trump can t be bought bullied or bribed! @blindtothetruth trump is polling well because he speaks his mind. not like some of the career politicians he s running against. cowards. @colinswood @realdonaldtrump is worth more than all of the other presidential candidates combined and plenty more. watch my interview with @ericbolling on @foxnews today at 11:30am et. i wish good luck to all of the republican candidates that traveled to california to beg for money etc. from the koch brothers. puppets? @dark red hair2: .@realdonaldtrump will get things done for america. @roniseale: @danscavino @foxnews @erictrump @ericbolling #gotrump #makeamericagreatagain #gop #trump2016. @winkiechance: @vickybrush @rwsurfergirl @realdonaldtrump he has my vote too! #makeamericagreatagain. @scorpio5053: @nowandthan @realmarkcole @realdonaldtrump the gop treeted reagan the same way. until he beat em then turned into ass kissers. @gqforbes: dominating social media! @realdonaldtrump s twitter edge @danscavino @foxnews @erictrump @ericbolling. @davidbougs: @scorpio5053 @nowandthan @realmarkcole amen! gop elite called reagan a cowboy b- movie actor dangerousunelectable.trump! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. enjoy! @coachzachcooper: congratulations on leading the polls currently and for acquiring the center stage position in the upcoming debates! @ivoryrymes: @realdonaldtrump donald trump summed up in one word.....trailblazer !!! thanks. @tpfa kathya 1: we ll be watching. @realdonaldtrump 2016! will #makeamericagreatagain @foxandfriends :. @brady2edelman: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump you are the next president of the united states. and the next president reagan.god bless america. @raxsondfs: there is no way president trump loses this election. he will win by historical landslide. will be greatest #potus ever! thanks. @squirtlong: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends trumps the man of 2016! @aliashere: rt @realdonaldtrump: i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 7:00. enjoy! @wreckthispro: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends i ll be watching it. can t wait until you become our president trump. @adair ariel: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends looking forward to it! @teamfallowwback: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends - #trump2016. @bdean1468: @realdonaldtrump @coachzachcooper america wants trump. @vickybrush: @manx38 @jedthefish7 only those who aren t brain-dead. time to take back our country & mr. trump is the only man who can. @bigbrett45: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends trump 2016!! period..... @foxnews: .@ericbolling: polls show @realdonaldtrump would be the gop nominee if the vote was held today. @bdublasvegas: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends thats early here in vegas but i set my dvr!!! #makeamericagreatagain. @tudybone4: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends got up extra early to watch mr. trump s interview #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain great. @jesuspacheco58: @realdonaldtrump i ve been supporting you since i was 12 can i get a fav or something #trump2016. @malachinorris: @realdonaldtrump will win every state in 2016. @bdean1468: @realdonaldtrump @bdublasvegas @foxandfriends we love u trump. @malachino: how will anybody beat isis besides trump. they have never made a deal with another country trump beats everyone all the time. @pizzapartyben: @realdonaldtrump huge supporter out here in alaska! let s make this country great again! bush is pretending that the trump surge is great for him and the @nytimesworld is reporting bush delight - con job a bush nightmare! @jordanallen21: @realdonaldtrump you ll be the first person i ever vote for. #trump2016. @lynn weiser: @realdonaldtrump @danscavino @erictrump @ericbolling it s a trailblazing campaign a campaign that connects to people! @raleynicole143: i can t wait to be able to tell my kids i voted for @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @andrewmillerkc we have to vote for @realdonaldtrump ! our nation can t afford another #bush! #makeamericagreatagain. wow did the @nytimes fall into the bush trap where his people convinced them how happy he was that i was hurting other candidates & not him. despite the false @nytimes story about jeb bush being happy with the trump surge he fell more than anybody & is miserable. .@dottieandbogey thanks for nice comments over weekend re turnberry. you and your husband have fantastic taste! also great commentary. .@jrprotalker thanks judy for the wonderful statements on @trumpturnberry. great seeing you there & you did a fabulous job on commentary. it came out that huma abedin knows all about hillarys private illegal emails. humas pr husband anthony weiner will tell the world. new poll shows donald trump blowing everyone else out of the water. we cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. -- albert einstein. @valetasue57 @greta @foxnews like trump more & more everyday he is saying what we all need to hear & understand he loves usa. my #gopdebate @facebook question for the other candidates-. thank you @krauthammer for your nice comments on @oreillyfactor. a lot of progress is being made! @dan crocker: @foxandfriends trump opens his mouth his numbers go up. when hillary does it hers go down. must be something to it. @roniseale: @foxandfriends trump is surging leading& breaking every poll because #trumpisright #gotrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @ trump4potus: trump continues to rise in the polls! the american people are speaking and speaking loudly. #2016election #trump2016. @bedard nancy: @realdonaldtrump trump stands for truth. will be interviewed on @morning joe at 7:3o. enjoy! @jimlibertarian @jerome corsi @michaelcohen212 we the people are making it quite clear donald is the people s choice we want truthfulness. @daaahawks @jimlibertarian @jerome corsi @michaelcohen212 that is why i like mr. trump he speaks the truth and stands by it. diligence is the mother of good luck. -- benjamin franklin. thank you @gawker! call me on my cellphone 917.756.8000 and listen to my campaign message. 92-year-old registers to vote for first time says will vote for trump. i will be on @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 8 pm and 11 pm. @sr stocks: @wsj @realdonaldtrump winner trump. get use to it.trump2016. @jimlibertarian: @dan crocker @foxandfriends donald trump is full of honesty and sincerityon the other hand hillary is a total liar. @roniseale: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends #gotrump #gop #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @ctmommy: @megynkelly #kellyfile #wtf? you do realize @realdonaldtrump isnt the #gop enemy - @hillaryclinton is. @trumpsguccigirl: @realdonaldtrump: oh yeah @megynkelly you don t want it to be all about trump- he s # 1 not #17. @tsettles14: i d be proud to say the first president i voted for was @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @kathlee08380944: @wsj @hookjan trump is the only cand talking about building a wall on the border that s getting great attention go trump. @badfundraisers: @realdonaldtrump all donald trump knows how to do is win! go trump 2016! i do love winning! @mike beacham: trump leads jeb slips rubio crashes in wsj nbc news poll #straighttalk @sentedcruz #ccot #tcot #2a. @dbottenhagen: @realdonaldtrump the united states needs donald trump go don. @seabeevietn: go donald...nowhere in the constitution does it say that our president must be a lawyer politician. our founders weren t. @lanelynmil: @realdonaldtrump i have been hoping for a bigger than life candidate and i believe i finally have one. go donald. thanks. @keeganbcall: @realdonaldtrump i support you because i know you are person who gets things done right. this nation needs someone like that. @cookingdoll: @realdonaldtrump yet another illegal arrested for bludgeoning a woman. stop the invasion. many of hillarys donors are the same donors as jeb bushsall rich will have total controlknow them well. do you notice that hillary spews out jeb s name as often as possible in order to give him status? she knows trump is her worst nightmare. @insureretire @realdonaldtrump @gawker best response ever! give trump lemons and he will sell them back to you for a steep profit. thanks. @breadman28 @realdonaldtrump make america great again. we re running out of time! thank you. @tothetanr @realdonaldtrump you are the closest thing to teddy roosevelt. tough as hell and speaks his damn mind. and never bs s. @iuhoops2015 @realdonaldtrump it should be an honor and a privilege to be in this country. not a right. make america great again! @tweet2u2 #trump only attacks those that attack him first. he s not going to be abused by a #politician @marthamaccallum #tcot. @joedurak if jeb is the nominee hillary is our next president. poll: trump leads gop field among hispanics records 34 favorability. wow! such a wonderful article from fantastic people--my great honor! amymek amen! @realdonaldtrump has drawn more attention to veterans issues in 1 week than these politicians have in decades! @seminoland: @realdonaldtrump hilary is trying to make jeb the republican candidate b c she is afraid of the donald. true! @real one23: sure they want mr. trump @realdonaldtrump out. he can t be bought. #notapuppet. @frankluntz: trump is leading with almost every major group of republican primary voters. @women4trump: @realdonaldtrump @seminoland yup. and clinton s leaked meeting with the donald because they are skeered of all his support. @anothertrumpvot: the way donaldtrump handled the release of his phone number compared to @lindseygrahamsc tell you all you need to know. @hbtc23: @realdonaldtrump backs down from nobody!! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 @steveaustinbsr @wwe. @willdangelo: sunset reflects on @realdonaldtrump tower in las vegas. what a view! @chadschiebler: i can t remember a candidate that i ve been this excited about @realdonaldtrump don t let us down! we believe! #landslide. @women4trump: @mauigirl56 @realdonaldtrump we shall see. all i know is the donald is the only one who can #makeamericagreatagain!!!!! @suandres2013: my dad is a korean and vietnam vet. 51 years total with govt. he s 81 and sharp as a tack. you got his vote. go donald. @howardjax50: @frankluntz nbc says trump leads with hs grads or less...doesn t bother saying trump leads with college grads too. @shelia1965a: god bless you donald trump. i am so glad you decided to run. the democrats have run this country into the ground. @rkmcpherson2014: tonights the gop aka @realdonaldtrump show. projected to be the most watched gop debate in history. will u b watching?? @jessicarnewman: the only reason most viewers will be watching the #republicandebate tonight... @realdonaldtrump. @lesleyclark anyone would be lying if they said they werent tuning in to watch @realdonaldtrump #foxdebate. .@realbobmassi who does a show called bob massi is the property man on @foxnews really knows his stuff--a total pro! i look forward to tonight s debate -- but look far more forward to making america great again. it can happen! just arrived for the #gopdebate #makeamericagreatagain. wow! what a great honor from @drudge report. #makeamericagreatagain #gopdebate. thank you @time readers- a great honor! @foxnews: @realdonaldtrump: when you have 18- 19 trillion in debt they need someone like me to straighten it out. wow! what a great honor from @drudge report. @ept rudyru: @drudge report excellent job! @realdonaldtrump you are real & everyone saw that 2nite! #makeamericagreatagain #silentmajority. @rubenmmoreno: @realdonaldtrump the biggest loser in the debate was @megynkelly. you can t out trump donald trump. you will lose! @timjcam: @megynkelly @frankluntz @realdonaldtrump fox viewers give low marks to bimbo @megynkelly will consider other programs! .@frankluntz is a low class slob who came to my office looking for consulting work and i had zero interest. now he picks anti-trump panels! @frankluntz: i m getting a lot of @megynkelly hatemail tonight. #gopdebate she is totally overrated and angry. she really bombed tonite. .@frankluntz i won every poll of the debate tonight by massive margins @drudge report & @time so where did you find that dumb panel. wow @megynkelly really bombed tonight. people are going wild on twitter! funny to watch. .@frankluntz your so-called focus groups are a total joke. don t come to my office looking for business again. you are a clown! i really enjoyed the debate tonight even though the @foxnews trio especially @megynkelly was not very good or professional! @11phenomenon: despite the hype @realdonaldtrump wins the debate by a wide margin. @lking2fly: i gotta have @realdonaldtrump in the white house that d be such a game changer. @jetranger69: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @megynkelly @bretbaier was a disaster also. @resi diederich: @platinumrosie @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @megynkelly is that all you ve got??? haha. @reid2962: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews i expected better from @megynkelly wondering what is her hidden agenda. @diplomtc immnty: @realdonaldtrump they tried to take you out & your poll numbers skyrocketed. voters matter not @foxnews moderators. @agcaddauan: @realdonaldtrump @drudge report megyn could have done a far better job. @briancraigshow: @realdonaldtrump your rocked & won big time!!!! make america great again mr. trump. @stinger inc: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly s behaviour at the #gopdebate was astonishingly biased. @diplomt: @realdonaldtrump is in a greater position w 52 to 12 @drudge report even after @megynkelly & @bretbaier tried to take him out. @mannamalistic: i m s lifelong liberal and have come to fucking love @realdonaldtrump. he speaks the truth! @678b4612a62641f: @realdonaldtrump @reid2962 @foxnews @megynkelly my vote remains for trump! @italy2320: @reid2962 @foxnews @megynkelly tell me what i can do to help you. she really has made me want to never watch fox again. @sulli1963: @anncoulter final four-trump cruz walker carson wild card fiorina. @domenclature: time poll: @realdonaldtrump wins the first #republicanpresidentialdebate by wild margin #politics. @joshuapantoja: @megynkelly @frankluntz @realdonaldtrump you tried to attack trump he took it and smiled. trump will be the next president. @southern anon63: i am a stone cold down to the bone democrat. but i will be voting @realdonaldtrump on election day. @stefanversac: @megynkelly @chrisstirewalt @chrischristie @realdonaldtrump rosie o donnell was the best answer of that whole debate. @capttimscrim: dear @megynkelly your attempted hatchet job on @realdonaldtrump was unbecoming & a total failure. @foxnews. @time poll: @realdonaldtrump winner of last night s debate by wide margin.. 45 v.12 @realbencarson 10 @johnkasich. @gotmade: @realdonaldtrump great job!!! winning the debate last night will take over half the field out @foxnews was not fair to trump. @elvisfever: @megynkelly @foxnews out to get you with baited questions. she was angry at you. very hostile and unprofessional. @tomnocera: @danscavino @realdonaldtrump trump dominant screams headline in today s tampa bay times. #trump2016. via bloomberg: fox news couldn t kill trump s momentum made him stronger @foxnews @business. .@foxnews you should be ashamed of yourself. i got you the highest debate ratings in your history & you say nothing but bad... ....dopey @krauthammer should be fired. @foxnews. the hatred that clown @krauthammer has for me is unbelievable causes him to lie when many others say trump easily won debate. @john832thetruth: @frankluntz your focus groups are rigged and your company ran out of in 2011. keep speaking the truth! trump 2016! @katygolf: @maxinerunner: newsmax poll @realdonaldtrump: 65 @marklevinshow @rwsurfergirl another debate win! @katygolf: @maxinerunner: newsmax poll @realdonaldtrump: 65 @marklevinshow @rwsurfergirl @krauthammer apologize! @drudge report: robinson: establishment didn t get trump fall they want.... thank you! so many politically correct fools in our country. we have to all get back to work and stop wasting time and energy on nonsense! re megyn kelly quote: you could see there was blood coming out of her eyes blood coming out of her wherever nose . just got on w thought. .@redstate i miss you all and thanks for all of your support. political correctness is killing our country. weakness. wow cnn just said that donald trump won the debate connected best with audience. also time drudge newsmax n.y.times and more! almost universal support that trump won the debate. only @foxnews is consistantly fighting the trump win and i got them the ratings! small crowds at @redstate today in atlanta. people were very angry at ewerickson a major sleaze and buffoon who has saved me time and money. @sacquisto23: .@realdonaldtrump you are the best candidate this great country has seen in decades. #makeamericagreatagain. @george frye: @realdonaldtrump finally a candidate that speaks on behalf of the people and not on behalf of the government. go donald! @granitttg: @realdonaldtrump it ll be my first year voting and guess who got my vote #donaldtrump. @commissarofgg: you are being attacked from all sides yet you have the people s hearts. just be calm and trust yourself. we love you. @outof 3 9 0: you got the the largest rating in history .. that should say all needed about you to @foxnews! @wwdblane: @realdonaldtrump nice try jeb my wife agrees with trump over megyn. @jonnati77: @ewerickson : twitter...has allowed the silent majority to have a voice and we want trump 2016!!! #makeamericagreatagain. @strayamaaaate: donaldtrump shaking things up in us elections. jeb bush is really weak. carly fiorina shud go back to hp. i just realized that if you listen to carly fiorina for more than ten minutes straight you develop a massive headache. she has zero chance! it amazes me that other networks seem to treat me so much better than @foxnews. i brought them the biggest ratings in history & i get zip! wonderful frank gifford has just passed away at age 84. he was my friend and a truly great guy! warmest condolences to family. @libsaredemfools: @realdonaldtrump: no one knows more about business and the economy than you. you are what s right for america! i will be interviewed on @today show at 7:00 a.m. and on morning joe at 7:20. .@kathielgifford melania and i send our deepest condolences. frank was a special and amazing person. he will be missed by all! oh really check out innocent @megynkelly discussion on @howardstern show 5 years ago--i am the innocent pure one! roger ailes just called. he is a great guy & assures me that trump will be treated fairly on @foxnews. his word is always good! enough is enough- no more bushes! frank was a great guy married to an absolutely wonderful woman @kathielgifford. what a couple! .@omarosa you were fantastic on television this weekend. thank you so much you are a loyal friend! .@brandenroderick i was pleased to see the wonderful statements you made about me to the media.i m not surprised you re a special person. .@katrinacampins thank you so much for the wonderful statements you made about me on tv. also keep up the great work! again illegal immigrant is charged with the fatal bludgeoning of a wonderful and loved 64 year old woman. get them out and build a wall! truly weird senator rand paul of kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. he was terrible at debate! @roy propsner: @realdonaldtrump ...don t give up don t surrender your 3rd party option. @officialjtw: @realdonaldtrump you re iconic! you are going down in the history books! #trump2016 so nice thank you. we must stop the crime and killing machine that is illegal immigration. rampant problems will only get worse. take back our country! why is @randpaul allowed to take advantage of the people of kentucky by running for senator and pres. why should kentucky be back up plan? .@ericbolling you can do much better than you did tonight on @oreillyfactor. better luck tomorrow! .@sentedcruz had a very good debate far better than rand paul. @johncook4189: @realdonaldtrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor. @pokeyisme1971: @realdonaldtrump @ericbolling @oreillyfactor why are people scared of someone who wants to fix a broken system trump 2016. our online store is officially open! visit to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise. will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight for the full hour. hope you enjoy it and more importantly hope you agree! @mikerotondo86 only trump can bring us back from 20 trillion in debt... he s the only one with the experience and skill set to do so. the #irandeal is a catastrophe that must be stopped. will lead to at least partial world destruction & make iran a force like never before. my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit --- it is selling fast! our online campaign store is officially open! visit to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise. @davidherjavec @realdonaldtrump completely right on china...just watch the news #gotrump. not under my watch-. our campaign store is officially open! visit to shop the latest #makeamericagreatagain merchandise. people dont understand that i left the apprentice to run for presthe apprentice did not leave me. bob greenblatt & folks @nbc were great! .@ap and @huffingtonpost should change their fraudulent story to say that i dropped @nbc & the apprentice to run for president! making speech tonight in new hampshire - leaving now. fantastic people fantastic crowd! in the plane heading to iowa state fair. will be great fun. hopefully giving helicopter rides to some of the kids. live on #periscope: good morning iowa! let s #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. just got back from the iowa state fair. record crowds phenomenal people. thank you iowa i will never let you down! @javonniandjeno: @realdonaldtrump @ap @nbc donald trump is clint eastwood the perfect hero not scared of american terrorists. vote trump! @writereadrock: @thehill donaldtrump is everywhere! at this moment he is the most famous person on earth. and for a good reason! #trump2016. .@nicolledwallace your father is a brilliant man with wonderful sense -- therefore you must be good! i really enjoyed being at the iowa state fair. the crowds love and enthusiasm is something i will never forget. the polls have been really amazing--we are all tired of incompetent politicians and bad deals! @kndetweiler: @hrkbenowen @thetimes @realdonaldtrump just released immigration plan is superior to everyone else s. including cruz. @techn9cian1923: @chriscuomo it felt like a moment of silence when u said @realdonaldtrump doesn t play! powerful interview #trump2016. @1776pirate: @lindseygrahamsc @washtimes @madisongesiotto agreed. we need @realdonaldtrump as president asap. @primmrs: @rockprincess818 the best immigration policy yet! time for @realdonaldtrump to #makeamericagreatagain. @paulfincher2: i truly believe @realdonaldtrump is america s best choice to get our economy back on course & create needed jobs. @bannermanjack: rush is on fire today!he really does have his finger on the pulse. the @realdonaldtrump shamers can t win against el rushbo. @nobamadotcom: an fyi to all the donaldtrump haters: we ve won. most admit trump can win. and @georgewill & @krauthammer - watch and learn. @ruizseferino: @paulfincher2 please have mercy on all veterans. all we wished to do is serve a county who serves us not. trump for pres! why does @foxnews keep george will as a talking head? wrong on so many subjects! listening to @rushlimbaugh on way back to jury duty. fantastic show terrific guy! my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit --- it is selling fast! it does matter! i want talented people to come into this countryto work hard and to become citizens. silicon valley needs engineers etc. when foreigners attend our great colleges & want to stay in the u.s. they should not be thrown out of our country. our online campaign store is open! visit for #makeamericagreatagain merchandise including my signature hat! .@jasondhorowitz i am very proud of my sister your story was terrific. thank you so much. @johnberman two explanations on @realdonaldtrump that seem no longer sufficient: 1 it s early. 2 it is all a media creation. if i am elected president i will immediately approve the keystone xl pipeline. no impact on environment & lots of jobs for u.s. @ktumulty polls indicate that a trump presidency is now inevitable. #august. @joeweissnmb @realdonaldtrump @michaelcohen212 walker & bush want to be like trump. my mom88 they sound like boys compared to trump. @aduanebrown new cnn orc poll: @realdonaldtrump #1 w 24 -- favorability rating on the rise while jeb s declines. 60 among women!! my h-1b reform plan will transform program so it delivers for country not lobbyists & will have bipartisan support:. i am looking forward to being in new hampshire tomorrow. the silent majority is taking our country back. we will make america great again! @maxinerunner: @marksteynonline loved you on #hannity speaking truth @realdonaldtrump has awakened patriots all over this great country. .@marksteynonline - thank you and great job on @seanhannity tonight! my official #makeamericagreatagain hat is now available online. to shop please visit -- it is selling fast! will be in new hampshire and then on @cnn special at 9 pm tonight. just got back from new hampshire. amazing people we all had a great time together! @wendyjfluga28: donaldtrump is an emblem of hope that the best is yet to come for america! the good trump name will be proudly displayed. @lkdusa: @lkdusa now you need not wonder why we are attracted to a strong leader like @realdonaldtrump. the rest don t cut it. all wimps!! another great poll result! thank you! thank you new hampshire! together we will make america great again! on the cover of @time magazinea great honor! had a special visitor in my office yesterday for @time photo shoot. behind the scenes video with uncle sam eagles name and me. @abcpolitics must apologize. my statement we re going to get them out so fast so quick applied to hard core criminals & gang members. lie. .@tomllamasabc cannot report the news truthfully. why not apologize for your fraudulent story on world news tonight.gang members & criminals. @mattyjack33: @tomllamasabc so refreshing to have someone call out these left wingers posing as journalists. keep it up trump! @2ndvoter: @stevehuang68 agree. one of the things that is good abt @realdonaldtrump is he s forcing others out of status quo politicking. we are going to make our country so strong again so great again. no more ripping off the united states. we will make america great again! alabama will shine tomorrow. it will be a big and glorious day! jeb bush signed memo saying not to use the term anchor babies offensive. now he wants to use it because i use it. stay true to yourself! how crazy - 7.5 of all births in u.s. are to illegal immigrants over 300000 babies per year. this must stop. unaffordable and not right! we are going to have a wild time in alabama tonight! finally the silent majority is back! great! @amymek every time i see @realdonaldtrump address a crowd i want to start chanting usa usa usa! #americanpride is back #trump2016. boston incident is terrible. we need energy and passion but we must treat each other with respect. i would never condone violence. leaving for mobile alabama right now - can t be late! dow dives more than 500 points - down 9 from high. be careful! #makeamericagreatagain #trumprallyal. .@jessebwatters you did a great job hosting @oreillyfactor. everybody loved it! thank you for the nice words. alabama was great last night amazing people. 30000 folks was largest crowd of political season. nice! @crstin0516: @danscavino @keraladubai @realdonaldtrump that chant gave me sweet sweet chills!! #usa #america. @dojiedojie: @realdonaldtrump keep talking donald....the people want to hear it loud and clear!!!!! .@politico covers me more inaccurately than any other media source and that is saying something. they go out of their way to distort truth! i had 15000 people in phoenix but @politico said the rooms capacity is just over 2000. but said bernie sanders had 11000 in same room. thank you to the @washingtonpost for the accurate and very discriptive story on my speech in alabama last night. it was a great evening! how is bernie sanders going to defend our country if he can t even defend his own microphone? very sad! it has just been confirmed by the city of mobile alabama that there were 30000 people at last nights event making it #1for pol season. now that i started my war on illegal immigration and securing the border most other candidates are finally speaking up. just politicians! jeb bush is weak on illegal immigration in favor of common core bad on women s health issues and thinks the iraq war was a good thing. jeb bush has a photoshopped photo for an ad which gives him a black left hand and much different looking body. jeb just can t get it right! the last thing we need is another bush in the white house. would be the same old thing remember read my lips no more taxes . greatness! new reuters poll just came out and has me at 32 highest number yet.the silent majority is back and we will make america great again! as i have long stated we are so tied in with china and asia that their markets are now taking the u.s. market down. get smart u.s.a. @john franco: when people start losing their savings & home value they will be begging trump to fix the economy #makeamericagreatagain. markets are crashing - all caused by poor planning and allowing china and asia to dictate the agenda. this could get very messy! vote trump. @zephyrusmatrix: will you finally get respect for predicting u.s. concerns even weeks before disaster strikes.the country needs a visionary. @glendabelle 11 @foxnewsinsider @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump trump supporters- volunteer contribute assist campaign etc .we need trump. @sweetspottrader: only @realdonaldtrump can save us form this turmoil #trump2016 perhaps so! depression- be careful of china! even barbara bush agrees with me-. thank you greta. via int l business times: jeb bush got 1.3m job at lehman after florida shifted pension cash to bank. via the brody file: the lesson evangelicals can learn from donald trump thank you david & cbn news--so nice. @jerihyatt: @megynkelly @jebbush @realdonaldtrump pffffffttttt we need to do something about illegals who get more than our vets!!!!! .@megynkelly must have had a terrible vacation she is really off her game. was afraid to confront dr. cornel west. no clue on immigration! i liked the kelly file much better without @megynkelly. perhaps she could take another eleven day unscheduled vacation! @colehudson68: @megynkelly @foxnews @theblaze @greta @oreillyfactor megyn needs to go back on vacation. what a waste of an hour on fox. @bigpaulfla: @realdonaldtrump she has come back looking like nancy grace. @swamp bug: @seanhannity cruz is my second third choice. carson is also a good man. i look at it as war so my choice is trump. @mikeraj7: @megynkelly show has become a opinion show. leading questions stirrwalt and thiessen used fair and balanced not. @mstanish53: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly the bimbo back in town . i hope not for long . @yankeesjc1: donaldtrump thanks for the picture! you were awesome in alabama! roll trump roll #trumpinal #trump2016. @toneantone96: @realdonaldtrump no man or women on this planet can give us back america with the exception of @realdonaldtrump leadership! @jdwarren12: @realdonaldtrump mr trump i appreciate you and your honesty sir thank you. @adriannamarie: @realdonaldtrump people always take cheap shots at youthey can t handle the truth.you tell it like it is.they re cowards. @thebrianmo: the lesson evangelicals can learn from @realdonaldtrump #donaldtrumpforpresident. @barbavh: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly ordered my trump banner today. can t wait! @youngyoung54: @jerihyatt @megynkelly @jebbush so true. jeb bush is crazy who cares that he speaks mexican this is america english !! @patrickstinard: @megynkelly kelly file was much better without megyn kelly. her replacement while she was out on vacation was much better! jeb bush never uses his last name on advertising signage materials etc. is he ashamed of the name bush? a pretty sad situation. go jeb! in a clumsy move to get out of his anchor babies dilemma where he signed that he would not use the term and now uses it he blamed asians. asians are very offended that jeb said that anchor babies applies to them as a way to be more politically correct to hispanics. a mess! jeb bush just talked about my border proposal to build a fence. it s not a fence jeb it s a wall and there s a big difference! .@governorpataki did a terrible job as governor of new york. if he ran again he would have lost in a landslide. he and graham zero in polls. @ibemoshing: no hope for jeb bush anymore @realdonaldtrump has been on fire! really hope he can get the win and fix this country! @dlund22226523: gov. scott walker has ran wisconsin s economy into the ground. how dare he criticize you. you would fire him in a second. @ragefelix: @governorpataki ... i lived in ny when tacky pataki was gov... he was a total disaster for the people of new york. @asa patriot: @realdonaldtrump @patrickstinard @megynkelly i could not agree more ! i now flip to other channels at 9:00pm. @linda lcarson: @realdonaldtrump rubio and bush cant say wall. i guess it is not pc. just like obama cant say islamic terrorists !! congrats @lindseygrahamsc. you just got 4 points in your home state of scfar better than zero nationally. youre only 26 pts behind me. another good poll result in the great state of sc. trump at 30 . carson at 15 and bush at 9 . thanks. @beck coulter @realdonaldtrump trump is the only person capable of fixing this corrupt bankrupt divided country! #makeamericagreatagain. @codyshirk @genemarks @entrepreneur @realdonaldtrump because he speaks & acts like a real person not like a slimy calculated politician. @ladycatherinecd @realdonaldtrump he has more smarts than any one of the politicians - he trumped again ! #trump #tcot #election2016. true thanks. great american heroes who averted an attack in france. thank you! spencer stone anthony sadler & alex skarlatos. thank you @billkristol. i am going to make america great again! heading to iowa to a packed house. just released polls all first place are amazing. thank you! just got back from iowa. fantastic evening with truly fabulous people. will be back again soon. thanks! will be interviewed on the @todayshow this morning at 7:00. talking about politics polls and whatever. enjoy! thank you christian broadcasting network @thebrodyfile @cbnnews. .@dennisdmz thanks for the nice words. you are fantastic! .@katrinacampins you were absolutely great on @cnn! thank you. great job on @cnn tonight @heytana. we are all proud of you! also congrats on a great son - he is going places. the press has very inaccurately covered this event - see for yourself! .@benfergusonshow just watched you on @cnn. thank you for your nice comments. who wants the endorsement of a guy @ericcantor who lost in perhaps the greatest upset in the history of congress? will be interviewed on @morning joe at 7:00 a.m. so much to talk about! @foxnews: .@rub: @jorgeramosnews should ve disclosed his daughter works for hillaryclinton & univision is being sued by @realdonaldtrump. @irisodle: love you man! i m one of the silent majority that s so excited to finally have us a spokesman! behind you all the way! @landmanmarius: @realdonaldtrump trump for president of the usa. @petenice1976: @realdonaldtrump @irisodle #toughtimes need a #toughpresident #silentmajority is back & #trump will handle #irandeal & #isis. @therealbigdt: @foxnews @krauthammer @realdonaldtrump #trump is the real deal baby. thank you. great job tonight on @foxnews tony. i am with you all the way! make america great again @tperkins. @kathystone1221: @realdonaldtrump @therealbigdt @foxnews @krauthammer #makeamericagreatagain #teamtrump#usa....trump 2016 !!! @jp sitles: @realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton: she compared republicans to terrorist but will not call terrorists terrorists. #ohme. @thelongshotzz: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews @tperkins trump wins. via cnn: trump now leads in odds to win gop nomination. #makeamericagreatagain from my speech in south carolina yesterday-. a phony story that i am trying to buy a soccer team in argentina is untrue. never even heard of the teamno interest! thank you @amspec. @nancylleonard: love em or hate em @realdonaldtrump is changing the playing field finally. our country needed this wake-up call. @tdarbymitchell: i love you donald trump! i ve never liked politics before u came on the scene but i finally feel like there s hope for usa. will be interviewed by @sarahpalinusa tonight at 10:00 on oan network. enjoy! @joehos18: boom - univision reluctantly reports donald trump leading with latino republicans.... via @thelastrefuge2. great rally last night in massachusetts. 2000 people at a house - must be a record! unbelievable spirit to make america great again. leaving now for tennessee. big crowd! wow jeb bush just lost three of his top fundraisers - they quit! via @breitbartnews trump wins nashville grassroots straw poll with 52 percent -. @teapartynews: trump wins tea party group s nashville straw poll - newsmax great thank you! @ricky vaughn99: herschel walker: donald trump is my frontrunner for president via @usatoday. loved being with my many friends in tennessee. the crowd and enthusiasm was fantastic. i won the straw poll big! leading in the bloomberg iowa poll. also my favorability numbers went up at a record almost unheard of clip. thank you iowa! @nodramahea: @realdonaldtrump gaining more supporters every day. people want change. trump2016. huma abedin the top aide to hillary clinton and the wife of perv sleazebag anthony wiener was a major security risk as a collector of info. for those that dont think a wall fence works why dont they suggest taking down the fence around the white house? foolish people! this is no act of love as jeb bush said. see i told you so. very proud of trump int l golf links in aberdeen scotland. just got the five star award from @visitscotnews. president obama wants to change the name of mt. mckinley to denali after more than 100 years. great insult to ohio. i will change back! 150 clinton e-mails still contain classified information. more sensitive when she was sec.of state. this is a very big deal. just out - new ppp national poll has me in first place by a wide margin at 29 . i wonder why only @foxnews has not reported this? too bad! @socalmike sd: #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump unofficial fight song via @youtube such hard work and imagination-thanks. @highwayhopper66: @conniemackiv @00patriot my wife and i are both voting for trump in florida over our previous governor period! thank you. the just released public policy polling ppp - national result is the best yet. make america great again! @belairca: only trump is capable of cleaning up the mess america is in that s why he has my vote! #makeamericagreatagain #trump so true! yet another weak hit by a candidate with a failing campaign. will jeb sink as low in the polls as the others who have gone after me? jeb is spending millions of dollars on hit ads funded by lobbyists & special interests. bad system. while millions are being spent against me in attack ads they are paid for by the bosses and owners of candidates. i am self funding. congrats everyone--we topped 4 million today on twitter--and heading up fast! no more clintons or bushes! many super pacs funded by groups that want total control over their candidate are being formed to attack trump. remember when u see them. im turning down millions of dollars of campaign contributionsfeel totally stupid doing so but hope it is appreciated by the voters. why does @oreillyfactor and @foxnews always have karl rove on. he spent 430 million and lost all races. a dope who said romney won election. every poll has me winning big.if you listen to dopey karl rove a trump hater on @oreillyfactor you would think i m doing poorly. @foxnews. @roniseale: big leads for the people s potus #2016gopnomination #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagai great! @thekrankygirl: @realdonaldtrump keep the momentum going! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. the president of the pathetic club for growth came to my office in n.y.c. and asked for a ridiculous 1000000 contribution. i said no way! when i intelligently turned down the club for growth crazy request for 1000000 they got nasty.what a waste of money that would have been. @patrick0215: @thatsalrighty @oreillyfactor @foxnews @karlrove rove is suffering from @jebbush defeatism. #makeamericagreatagain. @gulfportedd: @realdonaldtrump jeb bush couldn t shine mr trumps shoes...give me a break. bushes are so over... @lbabcock2: @oreillyfactor @foxnews i have always wondered why fox kept rove on after his disastrous election predictions. he is a joke! @sparkey03: @realdonaldtrump go #trump2016. @ywu510: #trumponcnn revealed character and spirit. even as @donlemon changed subjects abruptly @realdonaldtrump spoke from heart. will be interviewed on @gma this morning at 7:00. thanks for the great poll results! @drudge report: megyn kelly top of cable news... megyn say thank you donald! @foxnews also should say thanks! a terrible deal with iran! .@kevinolearytv great job on @foxandfriends this morning. you tell it like it is! also thx for the nice mention. your book sounds great! 2016 gop nomination polls have me as #1 as seen on @specialreport with @bretbaier. tracking 149 polls from 29 pollsters nationwide huffpost pollster #gop. .@brithume i am in first place by a lot in all polls tied for first place with ben carson in one iowa poll. i thought you knew this-thanks. @lettyntx: obama left our american hostages in iran. #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump sadly so true! the deal with iran will go down as one of the most incompetent ever made. the u.s. lost on virtually every point. we just don t win anymore! congratulations to tom brady on yet another great victory- tom is my friend and a total winner! live on #periscope: watch major press conference live from @trumptowerny now! #makeamericagreatagain. the pledge #makeamericagreatagain. @linnie13: @greta @realdonaldtrump @foxnews i love donald trump. for once i feel like someone out there running actually cares about us. @lettyntx: obama left our american hostages in iran. #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @bentomchik: @chucktodd: is there something to learn from @realdonaldtrump success? #election2016. will be on @morning joe in 5 minutes - at 7:00. enjoy! ill be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm. will be great to be back in texas. daily caller: trump surpasses field flirts with 40 percent in alabama poll. so nice thank you laura. terrific response to my previous tweet: ill be in dallas at the american airlines center on sept 14th at 6 pm. .@meghanmccain was terrible on @thefive yesterday. angry and obnoxious she will never make it on t.v. @foxnews can do so much better! the dallas event in two weeks at the american airlines center is filling up fast. get your tickets fast before it is too late! very low ratings radio host hugh hewitt asked me about suleiman abu bake al-baghdad hassan nasrallah and more - typical gotcha questions. why would a very low ratings radio talk show host like hugh hewitt be doing the next debate on @cnn. he is just a 3rd rate gotcha guy! just announced that because of trump advertising rates for debate on @cnn are going from 5000 to 200000 a 4000 increase.pay charity? saudi arabia was vehemently against the iran nuclear deal. then today they embraced it. what happened? what did we give them to endorse? hillary clinton made a speech today using the biggest teleprompter i have ever seen. in fact it wasn t even see through glass it was black. hillary said such nasty things about me read directly off her teleprompter...but there was no emotion no truth. just can t read speeches! remember that i am self-funding my campaign. hillary jeb and the rest are spending special interest and lobbyist money.100 controlled. by self-funding my campaign i am not controlled by my donors special interests or lobbyists. i am only working for the people of the u.s.! the hedge fund guys gals have to pay higher taxes asap. they are paying practically nothing. we must reduce taxes for the middle class! if the presidential election were held today according to this @surveyusa poll donald trump would defeat any dem:. @presstv: poll: trump beats clinton head-to-head matchup thank you! @hardcorerepub: @realdonaldtrump america will be working again. businessman politician. private sector growth above all. #trump2016. @ryanamberwhite: check it out @realdonaldtrump all the way from wyoming! #makeamericagreatagain thank you. @tropic20: @realdonaldtrump do you see what s in tom brady s locker? the phony club for growth which asked me in writing for 1000000 i said no is now wanting to do negative ads on me. total hypocrites! our country needs a president with great leadership skills and vision not someone like hillary or barack neither of which has a clue! the dallas event on september 14 at 6:00 p.m. at the american airlines center looks like it will be a giant success. tickets are going fast! i will be in washington d.c. on wednesday1 p.m.in front of the capitol to protest the horrible and incompetent deal being made with iran. @samsteel10: @shook stephanie @slone as long as we can stay strong and give @realdonaldtrump our support. he s the leader. @michelleri: trump leads as bush crashes no #gop establishment and or pro-amnesty candidates #makeamericagreatagain. @jasonusmc2017: @blayne troy @realdonaldtrump: he was right when he called obama the 5 for 1 president. 5 terrorist for one no good traitor. .@club4growth should release the letter they sent me asking for 1000000. when i said no they came out against me. a scam operation? @cadigirl13: @realdonaldtrump you are our only hope ! keep strong mr.trump thank you. @slwstdysqueeze: @realdonaldtrump is gonna do some great things! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @deanallen12: @club4growth club4growth will do anything for a handout just like every other politician running... pay to say organization. @1ns1de j9b: @realdonaldtrump @club4growth borderline extortion scam. they would have used your 1m to extract donations from others. @broewads: @realdonaldtrump @club4growth they are all just phony cronies. keep up the real deal mr. trump you are the man. @lo7us : vote for trump #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @jackson3pack: @realdonaldtrump @bob ewashington @club4growth wow. so disengenuos in asking for a million dollars! like its no big deal. @seanbolza: sure hope you will do great things. you are giving us something to look forward to and make america great again. go trump. @theusdesigns: @seanhannity wow! here is letter that mafia organization of extortion club for growth sent. @soz58: @realdonaldtrump @bob ewashington @club4growth it s good to show the public such thingsa lot of nerve to ask for a million dollars. @jimlibertarian: @slwstdysque donald has already done many great thingshe has woke america up and people are screaming donald everywhere. @rnull65: i am 72 year old female. you give me hope 1st time in years america can come back..stay the course we need you in 2016! @afievoli: @realdonaldtrump we need a strong leader to fix the mess our country in! go mr.trump!! @kylesteckel: @club4growth @realdonaldtrump the letter is out liars. @mjosephsheppard: no other gop candidate has potential to win ohio & pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs @realdonaldtrump. @sunnykcollins: jeb bush family ties and a museum that never materialized not good! thank you @scottienhughes for your powerful words on @foxnews. i am with the evangelicals and tea party big time. we will all win together! @mjosephsheppard: no other gop candidate has potential to win ohio & pennsylvania-thus the presidency except jobs pres @realdonaldtrump! @saneplanet: @toddwmoore01 @realdonaldtrump i know. gives in secret without even a writeoff. @greta spilled beans about 25k thank you! @georgeokc: @realdonaldtrump @libertyladyusa for my mind do whatever you think is right you have nothing to prove just save our nation. remember i ll see you in d.c. at the capitol building on wednesday at 1:00 o clock. then dallas on sept.14 at 6:00 p.m. american air center. both washington d.c. and dallas are turning out to be really big events. d.c. is protest of incompetent iran deal and dallas is big speech! looking forward to being with @sentedcruz at our big rally in d.c. on wednesday 1:00 p.m. at the capitol to protest insane iran nuke deal! look forward to being in dc tomorrowbig crowd expected for our protest against the truly stupid nuclear deal we are making with iran. tomorrow in dc: 1 pm west front lawn of the capitol. not even believable that we would do this deal with iran. wow! such nice words from robert redford on my running for president. thank you robert. thank you @ingrahamangle for your strength & wonderful words last night on @foxnews but @karlrove is easy to beat! wake up jeb supporters! im self funding my campaign but lobbyists & special interests for jeb & others are starting to do big adsdesperate! dont believe them. the lobbyists & special interests have just put out an ad for jeb which hits me just a little but is very false! jebs policies in florida helped lead to its almost total collapse. right after he left he went to work for lehman brotherswow! i m on bill @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm. it will be another lively interview about how to #makeamericagreatagain! a great honor to receive polling numbers like these. record setting african american 25 & hispanic numbers 31 . will be on bill o reilly @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm. enjoy! via @usatoday- amateur hour with the iran nuclear deal. @chris0u24: @realdonaldtrump i ve just lost hope mr trump. hope you put america back the way it was. @christa dorsett: @realdonaldtrump we want trump! america needs him desperately! @americanhowl: while @realdonaldtrump rallies #noirandeal tomorrow @jebbush will call china to ask for donations. see you in d.c. tomorrow at 1:00 p.m. at the capitol to protest the horribly negotiated deal with iran. really sad! a letter to @cnn president jeff zucker-. i will be speaking at the #stopirandeal rally shortly- watch live here-. man did jeb throw his brother under the bus last night on @colbertlateshow . probably true but not nice! i had a great day in d.c. even though the subject was an unpleasant one the horrible iran nuke deal. amazing crowd and enthusiasm! wow i am ahead of the field with evangelicals am so proud of this and virtually every other group and ben carson just took a swipe at me. i ll be on @greta on the record tonight at 7 pm. @plruble58 @realdonaldtrump the numbers are amazing! #gogogo. bobby jindal did not make the debate stage and therefore i have never met him. .... i only respond to people that register more than 1 in the polls. i never thought he had a chance and ive been proven right. i will be on the tonight show with jimmy fallon tonight at 11:30. should be fun! @jimmyfallon. very good newsthe new quinnipiac poll just came outi am #1 in iowa. also tomorrow night i will be going to boone and ames. really look forward to seeing all of my friends in iowa. oh wow lightweight governor @bobbyjindal who is registered at less than 1 percent in the polls just mocked my hair. so original! lets all take a moment to remember all of the heroes from a very tragic day that we cannot let happen again! just purchased nbcs half of the miss universe organization and settled all lawsuits against them. now own 100 -- stay tuned! .@robertjeffress i greatly appreciate your kind words last night on @foxnews. have great love for the evangelicals -- great respect for you. via the hill no tickets left for trump s dallas rally. on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon at 11:30 pm. enjoy! .@governorperry is a terrific guy and i wish him well- i know he will have a great future! amazing crowd outside @fallontonight. tune in tonight at 11:30. the tonight show @nbc will be amazing - 11:30 p.m. enjoy! backstage with @jimmyfallon before opening skit- great fun! @fallontonight. @ginhay: trump s polls are going to skyrocket after appearance on @jimmyfallon tonight. the young people are going to love him! @jenilynn1001: @fallontonight @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @designerdeb3: @realdonaldtrump is the only candidate against illegals. we will have america back - & jobs. @chrisofficer23: @realdonaldtrump @jenilynn1001 @fallontonight loved the show....trump2016. @debra0155: @realdonaldtrump @ginhay @jimmyfallon absolutely he s just simply the best #realdonaldtrump. @davist19: if i was 18 i d vote for @realdonaldtrump thank you! @unknown resist: @realdonaldtrump @ginhay @jimmyfallon trump will be our leader and we will be thankful! @lizaperri: @realdonaldtrump @ginhay @jimmyfallon you even made the show great again. @kittenholiday: at the neighborhood bar talking about @realdonaldtrump we need him we will make america great again! @5sos jrt1d: mr. trump you weren t just huge on @fallontonight - you were awesome. wisdom and humor are a powerful combination!!! @iamapatsfan: what are your thoughts on your good friend tom brady s performance yesterday? he was fantastic a total winner! @pennybishop16: @realdonaldtrump @ginhay @jimmyfallon great show! trump you are awesomeness! god bless! #makeamericagreatagain. @johnnnnyt: @realdonaldtrump blew it away on @fallontonight. the ratings will be huuuge. @trumpdemocrats: carson on @cnn now. he is worse than jeb like ambien for insomnia. we need energy in the white house. we need donaldtrump. @hamishp95: @realdonaldtrump my dad is thinking of voting for the first time ever for you. great. @ravila30:loved you on jimmy lastnight & how you showed you like to have fun are able to laugh at yourself! do you ever sleep tho? not much. @lukedillon6: if @realdonaldtrump doesn t become the next president then that just shows how dumb america really is. #trump nice thanks! @mlssthot: @realdonaldtrump i want our president to be smart and witty like you mr trump thanks. @danielleboussel: i fully believe in apologies but you have to be wrong -@realdonaldtrump. @trump in 2016: @realdonaldtrump does best imitation of himself - we got ourselves a winner ready to hang on for the long haul. @colincavall: you were a great sport on the show and i have total confidence in you rebuilding this country and making america great again. @joehos18: trump 96 success rate in business only 4 out of 100 companies went south. better than any other candidate. better than all. @mlssthot: @realdonaldtrump: ignore the losers and the haters you are going to make this country great again. @arthurohara: #trump international hotel & golf links. luxury resort in #doonbeg on ireland s @wildatlanticway. @brandydianek2: @realdonaldtrump @davist19 that s awesome when younger people can see we need trump! will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00. enjoy! .@mercedesschlapp thank you so much for your kind words on television -- fantastic job and greatly appreciated! trumps campaign hat becomes an ironic summer accessory - the new york times. donald trump sends @fallontonight to highest friday rating in 18 months. @jimmyfallon that is #huge! lightweight senator @randpaul should focus on trying to get elected in kentucky--- a great state which is embarrassed by him. i truly understood the appeal of ron paul but his son @randpaul didn t get the right gene. too many people on stage for debate. @randpaul at 11th with 2 in @realclearnews shouldn t be allowed to participate. i am having a great time in iowa at jack trice stadium! unbelievable people. had a record crowd in boone iowa. a fantastic day--- we will #makeamericagreatagain. @bigbrotherkat: i hated to love it but @realdonaldtrump was hilarious on @jimmyfallon last night! @nbc #thedonald. @edward1:trump knows how to get things done. he has guts to say what needs to be said. he ll deal with putin more effectively than anyone. @joeearle: @pistol044 there s only one i ll never support: @realdonaldtrump. @daveinkeno: mr. trump sir this country is and has been on a path of self destruction and needs you to make america great again! @jeffraykovich: @realdonaldtrump are you going to come to wisconsin in the near future?#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain yes. @whywinblo: @realdonaldtrump please make this country great again & help secure our borders mr. trump you re our last hope. #trump2016. @mey: i don t know how any american can watch this video and not want to vote for @realdonaldtrump #teamtrump. @hashtag1usa: @realdonaldtrump trump rocked iowa today heard his message was positive and built much enthusiasm among the voters #trump2016. why is someone like george pataki who did a terrible job as governor of n.y. and registers zero in the polls allowed on the debate stage? @doctr wang @cnn nice! i love how trump has a way of putting people on the spot. i wonder what cnn will do. the veterans appreciate it! my honor thank you. congrats to my friend @schwarzenegger who is doing next seasons celebrity apprentice. he ll be great & will raise lots of for charity. to all my fans sorry i couldnt do the apprentice any longerbut equal time presidential run prohibits me from doing so. love! thanks mark will be fun. my opponents big bosses--lobbyists and donors--are trying to do damage. they will fail! money down the drain! looking forward to joining @v4sa tuesday 9 15 in l.a. aboard the @ussiowa - the battleship of presidents! join us! the event with me and @v4sa in l.a on 9 15 is turning out to be huge. get your tickets before they re gone. vets mistreated no border security? im with @v4sa this tuesday 9 15 to #makeamericasmilitarygreatagain! join us! unbelievable crowd in dallas! speech in dallas went really well. big and wonderful crowd. just arrived in l.a. big day tomorrow! i will rebuild the military take care of vets and make the world respect the us again! join me today. info:. loved dallas and the tremendous crowd last night. will be back! our vets are treated like 3rd class citizens. enough! join me & @v4sa on @ussiowa at la waterfront to hear my plan for vets & the military! am now in l.a. will be going to the u.s.s. iowa at 5:30 p.m. to speak to our great veterans and other friends! little respected club for growth asked me for 1000000 - i said no . now they are spending lobbyist and special interest money on ads! my plan will lower taxes for our country not raise them. phony @club4growth says i will raise taxesjust another lie. .@club4growth asked me for 1 million. i said no. now falsely advertising that i will raise taxes. ill lower big league for middle class. everyone is talking about the incredible event we had in dallas last night. spectacular crowd & arena! thank you @mcuban. the polls are really looking good#1 everywhere despite all lobbyist & special interest being spent against me. im turning down millions. .@rushlimbaugh rush i am in la inspecting property big job creator & listening to you. you are truly fantastic--thanks! just finished the wonderful event on the u.s.s. iowa. veterans for a strong america endorsed me. such a great honor thank you! i hope arnold s. does well with the apprentice because he is a nice guy and also because i get a big percentage of the profits! @97musick: @ac360 @cnn the sold to lobbyists candidates are wasting their money. on the border and immigration trump will win. @almy23841665: @dlscord @realdonaldtrump more veterans will vote for trump than you can believe! i can t imagine they wouldn t! @chriscoxb2b: @realdonaldtrump - donald...keep pushing...the nation needs a real leader. @pmgeezer: only 15 percent of @gop voters said they would not back @realdonaldtrump as the partys standard-bearer. @skulls2001: we are a cuban family from miami florida and would love very much to work on your political campaing here in miami. great. @onesoldiersmom: @seanhannity @marksteynonline no one can imitate trump. he s one of a kind. i love him more each day. #trump2016 thanks. will be heading over to the debate soon. can you believe @cnn is milking it for almost 3 hours? too long too many people on stage! a great honor from somebody that knows how to win! thank you to tom brady coach ditka coach bobby knight and all of the many champions that have been so supportive! #cnndebate winning the @drudge report poll-. the #cnndebate was amazing --- so much fun! #cnndebate. #cnndebate. just announced that in the history of @cnn last nights debate was its highest rated ever. will they send me flowers & a thank you note? every poll done on debate last night from drudge to newsmax to time magazine had me winning in a landslide. #makeamericagreatagain! going to new hampshire in a little while. big crowds! #makeamericagreatagain! will be interviewed tonight by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10 pm. enjoy! would be really bad if columnist mike lupica left the @nydailynews. a wonderful and talented guy! wow great post-debate poll: trump increases lead via breitbart. give america back its dream! -- donald j. trump. thank you. ive just released my position papers on the second amendment. looking forward to meeting the students of urbandale high school tomorrow-. am i morally obligated to defend the president every time somebody says something bad or controversial about him? i don t think so! this is the first time in my life that i have caused controversy by not saying something. if someone made a nasty or controversial statement about me to the president do you really think he would come to my rescue? no chance! if i would have challenged the man the media would have accused me of interfering with that man s right of free speech. a no win situation! christians need support in our country and around the world their religious liberty is at stake! obama has been horrible i will be great. on my way to iowa. will be landing in des moines in two hours. see ya! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. a great night in iowa! thank you faith and freedom forum & @urbandaleschool. i had a great time in iowa today! @moehoward86: the best interview thus far...keep it up trump! donald trump: enough with the nice! via @youtube. @leghanliptak712: cnn tried to destroy donald trump with vaccine autism question but he gave this amazing response. i will be on @meetthepress at 10:30. @nbc will be releasing their new poll numbers. based on the debate results i should do well-who knows? there is no way that carly fiorina can become the republican nominee or win against the dems. boxer killed her for senate in california! i have been leading big in all polls with two more today @nbc and @cnn. the nbc poll is more than double next at 29 . fiorina has 11 . i am attracting the biggest crowds by far and the best poll numbers also by far. much of the media is totally dishonest. so sad! we are going to win and make america great again maybe better than ever before! carly fiorina did such a horrible job at lucent and hp virtually destroying both companies that she never got another ceo job offer! pres. @saijosaijo75: @realdonaldtrump thank you for your personal and financial sacrifices to make america great again! will be on @foxandfriends now. enjoy! the @todayshow refused to use their just in poll numbers where i have a massive lead but instead used @cnn numbers where my lead is smaller. @mntwisterchaser: thanks @savannahguthrie and @nbcnews for showing us how lopsided you are! use your own poll! #trainwreck #trump2016. @paulkdebra: @todayshow @realdonaldtrump i totally support you! you have this ga. girl s vote!!! @thebrodyfile: on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he didn t take five years to visit israel. @thebrodyfile: on the muslim issue: it might help @barackobama if he actually supported christians religious liberty rights. @nunyabus1: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you go trumpy don t back down i won t. @johnste38475254: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews ...why is fox being so hard on u? i don t get it...are they idiots? @dis labeledvet: @realdonaldtrump here is a clinton insider who admitted hillary started the whole obama s a muslim. @talsept58: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends you are great!! @mickelsenkyle: @todayshow could you make your interview with @realdonaldtrump any more biased or... #trumpforpresident. @linley4067 jane: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends fox is using you for ratings. they want u out of the race. refuse. @alivelutheran: @todayshow touts cnn polls instead of their own!! of course the nbc one shows him much higher. trump corrects them! new zogby poll highly respected but the media wont report it because it gives me an even bigger lead! #asktrump send me your questions to answer live from @twitternyc later this afternoon. carly fiorina is terrible at business--the last thing our country needs! jeb has been confused for forty years-. has the media picked up the new zogby poll that was just put out? i doubt it! #asktrump getting ready to answer your questions. .@dixierhilton #asktrump. .@marketmavensinc #asktrump. .@elisechristine #asktrump. .@kylestephens30 #asktrump. .@highsock sunday #asktrump. .@arealsuperman #asktrump. .@modern do good #asktrump. .@joycefinance #asktrump. .@marieleff #asktrump. .@ just mads #asktrump. i just wrapped up a q&a @twitternyc. thanks for all your questions! #asktrump. i had a great time at @twitternyc #asktrump. #asktrump @twitternyc. @judgemoroz zogby is respected in the business of polling the media is attempting to silence the message @realdonaldtrump. thank you dan--i agree! best wishes. i got to know @scottwalker wellhes a very nice person and has a great future. i will be interviewed tonight at 7pm et by @greta #ontherecord. via huffpost pollster #1. @alivelutheran: @todayshow touts cnn polls instead of their own!! of course the nbc one shows him much higher. trump corrects them! .@oreillyfactor was very negative to me in refusing to to post the great polls that came out today including nbc. @foxnews not good for me! .@oreillyfactor why don t you have some knowledgeable talking heads on your show for a change instead of the same old trump haters. boring! @ragingcynicism: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor they re not trump haters. they re spoon fed morons. @patrick92299179: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor couldn t agree more! @bewhatjesuswas: @oreillyfactor @foxnews you dominate not because of them-but despite them they need you more than you need them. @coolgirl6978: @oreillyfactor @foxnews this is bull fox. o reilly i expect better from you. what is going on? fair and balanced my ass. @tammyhorne19: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor love you trump. @blewthebigone: @realdonaldtrump can t even think what the race would be without you in it. @rbbrkhd: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor @foxnews the way you have treated @realdonaldtrump is totally unacceptable...cnn has been fair. @diannrr: @megynkelly do you dream about @realdonaldtrump? he s in your head. let it go. she is the worst - all anti-trump! terrible show. @john dipaolo: @realdonaldtrump will get out disaffected repub base voters as well as democrats looking for a real choice on immigration. i am having a really hard time watching @foxnews. .@richlowry is truly one of the dumbest of the talking heads - he doesn t have a clue! @ellenespence: @marklevinshow thank you for maintaining your integrity during this disgusting lynching of @realdonaldtrump thanks mark! @waynearmstron10: @realdonaldtrump you must be relentless and maintain energy and respond as you have been. it s a marathon. true. @phyllisa: @hopeisalive66 @jdanielmoore @theblaze @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump that s ok! the more they talk the better potus trump looks! @joeoh89: @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump what happened to the pledge? walker quits and slams trump. losers proving pledge was sham. @themindwave: @foxnews im not sure why u r giving them this much importance they had wanted to take u down in debate and they failed!! @seleti00: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews they attack you more then cnn or msnbc combined. just a bunch of old bush appointee rhinos. @madscape: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews and millions will agree with you! most of us on twitter now view oan network. @ethansimmons111: @allrepublicans @ecsullie @ragingcynicism @foxnews @oreillyfactor @karlrove karl rove is a joke owned by the bush family. @jodil792: @foxnews i have been since you started running & i noticed meghan kelly s attacks. stopped watching. only hannity 4 sure. yes! @angelatribble: @realdonaldtrump we love you donald trump because we know you are the only one to #makeamericagreatagain thanks. @wallen jeanine: @realdonaldtrump i can only watch hannity. i think he is the only one in your corner. @vickybrush: do what most of us are doing! turn off @foxnews! there is a major boycott going on with them anyway. problem solved! @bobby990r 1: @mediabiasalert @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump is fighting for middle class and veterans! discussing trade deals. @edwardchelednik: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews hey donald your not alone. i can t watch it at all. used to be all i watched. @glendabelle 11: @foxnews fox has become a supporter of liberals!they are not supporting the gop candidates-especially trump! quit watching. @jimclarkfarrier: @rockprincess818 @leahr77 @realdonaldtrump is the only one who can get us out of this mess! true! @miriamrosemc: #trump2016 would be the best for the country jobs trade and taxes - all others are status quo #makeamericagreatagain. @ignatiusgreilly: @charlescwcooke @realdonaldtrump @foxnews will you cry when marco amnesty loses nomination? @bradangsa: trump is the only candidate telling the truth... the gop is planning to stab trump in the back... @huskerpower811: @celestefick @realdonaldtrump have you listened to his plans for vets when he takes office? they re incredible!! @jimshellenback: @realdonaldtrump @edwardchelednik @foxnews i steer away from fox now. never thought that would happen. 2016 republican primary morning consult poll was just released. trump 32 carson 12 bush 11 fiorina 6 rubio 5 cruz 5. taken after debate. morning consult poll: trump leads. yom kippur blessings to all of my friends in israel and around the world. #yomkippur. i will be on the @colbertlateshow tonight at 11:30. senator marco amnesty rubio who has worst voting record in senate just hit me on national security-but i said don t go into iraq. vision. do you ever notice that lightweight @megynkelly constantly goes after me but when i hit back it is totally sexist. she is highly overrated! i think @megynkelly should take another eleven day unscheduled vacation. just remember the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in 2008. she was all in! i will be the featured guest on the season opener of @60minutes this sunday. there certainly is plenty to talk about! i will be doing @colbertlateshow at 11:30 on cbs. enjoy! @mark60644: @megynkelly still cannot figure out this massive base of support for trump is because he is anti- politician. #trump2016. .@juliinkster congratulations on your great win--what a captain what a champion! headline reads rubio passes bush in florida poll -- unfair because trump destroys them both! trump 31.5 rubio 19.2 bush 11.3. yogi berra was not only a great baseball player he was a great guy. yogi will be missed. .@foxnews has been treating me very unfairly & i have therefore decided that i won t be doing any more fox shows for the foreseeable future. wow! what a great night. thank you to all of the viewers and congratulations to @stephenathome @colbertlateshow. incompetent @richlowry lost it tonight on @foxnews. he should not be allowed on tv and the fcc should fine him! .@foxnews owes me an apology for allowing clueless pundit @richlowry to use such foul language on tv. unheard of! will be on @cnn at 7:00 a.m. will be on @morning joe at 6:30 a.m. so happy about my daughter @ivankatrumps announcement that she will be having a baby this spring. congratulations! new bloomberg poll: trump leads big. despite the establishment and the medias best efforts the people are speaking loudly and clearly. thank you to my amazing supporters! bloomberg: trump leads gop field. dishonest @nytimes reporter jonathan martin refused to acknowledge massive crowd surge forward. .@politico which is not read or respected by many may be the most dishonest of the media outlets--- and that is saying something. the failing @politico news outlet which i hear is losing lots of money is really dishonest! wow a really nice lead in new hampshire--- an increase since my last poll! @yayala19: @politico when the other candidates are talking politics trump is talking solutions. he is the most talented candidate. just watched @marcorubio on television. just another all talk no action politician. truly doesn t have a clue! worst voting record in sen. @yayala19: @marcorubio what the lobbyists the media and career politicians will do next to try to stop trump? silent majority is back. @joemarzocco: @realdonaldtrump they attack trump for not giving policy is the most important detail he wins. .@megynkelly the @foxnews poll said very plainly i came in second in the debate. all others time drudge slate etc. said i came in 1st. @rketeltas: @joemarzocco waiting for the biased media to write about the 30000 carly fired as a failed ceo. america is for trump! great reception in d.c. at the values voter summit. now checking on my job at the old post office... .....ahead of schedule and under budget! will be in oklahoma tonight! i am now inspecting the old post office on pennsylvania avenue - will be a great hotel. soon off to the oklahoma state fair! at the old post office-. dishonest @politico just called to say that none of the polls including fox nbc cnn zogby & morning consult matter. serious haters. .@marcorubio is weak on illegal immigration and will allow anyone into the country..... .....has worst attendance record in senate- rarely there to vote on a bill! @marcorubio. .@thehill- trump on boehner resignation: it s a good thing. .@thr the donald trump ratings bump: who s benefiting most? i will be on @cbs @60minutes this sunday. a great honor-- hope you enjoy it. thank you @frankluntz. just left oklahoma--- the most amazing crowd and people! what a night! an updated poll tracker with all polls thru the weekend reveals i maintained a double digit lead at. @vote trump: think about it. when s the last time a prez actually did what he said? trump does what he says. will be greatest prez ever. @realdonaldtrump: i will be on @cbs @60minutes this sunday. a great honor-- hope you enjoy it. lightweight senator marco rubio is very weak on immigration knows nothing about finance and would be incapable of making great trade deals! @taurus82409: @cbs @60minutes look forward to it donald. you are doing great! please keep up the fight many of us are behind you 100 !! @karentalk: @rogerjstonejr @megynkelly fiorina is not surging..she is begging for money..and she owns this. marco rubio is a member of the gang of eight or very weak on stopping illegal immigration. only changed when poll numbers crashed. @theintellect111: @realdonaldtrump mr trump please do not give in.you are changing history. we need you as our next leader its your time. @freestateyank: ex-wife ivana trump says @realdonaldtrump can win likely will win and will be a great president. @itsblakec: @realdonaldtrump we are tired of lies. trump 2016. @jokerzwild : @realdonaldtrump @theintellect111 trump will win i know it. @incazzato2015: @realdonaldtrump time for real change trump 16. hope we all enjoy @60minutes tomorrow night. i do believe they will treat me fairly! @truthshallbe: @60minutes @realdonaldtrump been watching!!! brilliant mr. trump he is so awesome!! and real. @meonajourney @realdonaldtrump imagine that an american president standing up for the american people! go trump go! #trump2016. @midwestcaucus: @60minutes great interviewtrump ruled. great response 2 trade war claim. all anyone has 2 do is look at foreign tariffs. @rketeltas: @realdonaldtrump while the former kgb putin gets softballs trump gets the matt harvey fastball and hits it out of the park. @greta: . @realdonaldtrump announces his tax plan tomorrow morning. @apipwhisperer: @markpavelich @gentlemanirish @60minutes excellent watching putin s brilliance and trump s. @cbs i loved the interviews. @skyeshepard: trump went way up in my poll when he said he d take money from what us is giving 2 other countries 2 save social security. @jennaleeusa: when asked why he has his own magazine covers on his walls - @realdonaldtrump replies: it s cheaper than wall paper... ha! @adiosliberty: @60minutes @realdonaldtrump @scottpelley haven t seen that much hatred in an interviewer since the 1st debate. #trump2016. @yang karl: all scott pelley did by being disrespectful was make it easier to make up my mind who to vote for and that will be trump. @jodil792: @defendingtheusa @america trump @60minutes thats exactly what i thought. we haven t had great leader since reagan&now trump. @fanodale: @60minutes @realdonaldtrump watched 60 mins first time ever. love trump hate scotty. @reversingasd: @60minutes notice how your twits about @realdonaldtrump are the most rt! we the american ppl love and want #trump2016 ! looking forward to press conference on taxes at 11am at @trumptowerny. live on #periscope: tax plan press conference#trump2016. i know you will enjoy reading my tax plan- #makeamericagreatagain. @spurrelljulie first time in my life i wish i was an american citizen so i could vote for @realdonaldtrump !! thanks. will be doing @outfrontcnn with @erinburnett tonight at 7 pm re: tax reductions and various other topics. conservative? jeb bush doubled florida state debt! zogby poll: trump widens lead after gop debate. the gop debate scorecard: donald trump and energy by wayne allyn root. wow the ratings for @60minutes last night were their biggest in a year--- very nice! do you believe this - iran wants to trade our 3 prisoners not 4 for 19 prisoners held by the u.s. should have been let go with last deal! @polina6: @realdonaldtrump man with a plan-the best tax plan! go trump 2016! prediction: rand paul has been driven out of the race by my statements about him-- he will announce soon. 1 ! i hope when rand paul gets out of the racehe is at 1 --his supporters come over to me. i will do a much better job for them. definitely watch @carl c icahn s danger ahead. very insightful particularly on how corp inversions hurt america:. carl icahn said this about me: i think at this moment in time hes the only candidate that speaks out about the countrys problems. great! i watched lightweight senator marco rubio who is all talk and no action defend his weak position on illegal immigration. pathetic! just read that trump has the largest and i add most enthusiastic crowds. tonight i will be in new hampshire - the place will be packed! @kissmeandrocco: @realdonaldtrump who ever thinks donald trump is a bad person u just don t want a good country thank you. rubio is totally owned by the lobbyists and special interests. a lightweight senator with the worst voting record in senate. lazy! highly respected economist @larry kudlow is a big fan of my tax planthank you larry. anyone reading this profile of marco rubio would never vote for him. never made ten cents & is totally controlled! great news! just out--the highly respected usa today suffolk university poll. enjoy! wow so nice! thank you wayne allyn root. interesting polls on who won the gop debate. i will be interviewed by @donlemon tonight on @cnn at 10pm. trumps tax plan: a proposal reagan would approve? by jeff bell. @hashtag1usa: i just watched d trumps interview on @cnn i get more impressed everytime i hear him speak! @realdonaldtrump #trump2016-thanks. @jaycatalyst1: @realdonaldtrump univision execs are hypocrites.they dish out the most discrimination. you should highlight that point. @annieclarkcole: how can anyone vote for hillary when she careless with emails that jeopardize our security. she is not to be trusted. @angeloftruth11: @realdonaldtrump great interview with @donlemon. thank you. @cft1: .@realdonaldtrump great interview on @cnn @donlemon @cnntonight #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trump. @timenout: @cnn @donlemon congratulations don that was a great interview @realdonaldtrump. @sternbutgreg: @realdonaldtrump is pulling away from the pack. i live in iowa. it s real. thank you! just got back from new hampshire. great crowd great people! will be back soon! @wmikew: it s hard to get through corrupt media filter but trump is doing it. check out 9 30 15 @donlemon int view. @margaretweber48: @realdonaldtrump rand paul put the nail in his coffin when he bashed ted cruz. bye bye rand! @joycardinshow: latest @mulawpoll finds @scottwalker at 37 percent approval @realdonaldtrump leading gop in #wisconsin. @jayrhaw: @realdonaldtrump was right. @randpaul wont last. even paul knew it. thats why he s still running for his senate seat #trump2016. thanks. .@mittromney is trying to hit back at me because i m saying that he let the repub party down w his loss to obama. should ve wonhe choked! @barreto eugenio: @mittromney it s sad but gop does not want you as their candidate. but we the people do. latinos for trump. @msann43: how can illinois keep @realdonaldtrump off the ballot? illinois citizens should protest. just another phony politico story. easy! @ethabrooke: @mittromney like always you are telling the truth.i liked romney and voted for him but he didn t fight hard enough. true! @ethabrooke: @cs1racefan @realdonaldtrump @mittromney the truth about romney...he didn t want the presidency bad enough! he choked! @def: cnbc s john harwood today we don t have superman presidents no donaldtrump replied .. but we will if you have trump! #trump2016. @gedion t: @realdonaldtrump @ethabrooke @mittromney no body knows foreign policy any better than trump. vote t. i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. many things mostly bad to talk about! @jyakburger: @ethabrooke if @mittromney ran more like @realdonaldtrump and less like mccain he would ve won. failed campaign tactics. my warmest condolences to the families of the horrible roseburg oregon shootings. @wethepeople65: @realdonaldtrump @bigstick2013 @timenout @cnn @donlemon go trump our guy. @thebrodyfile: the huge @thebrodyfile donaldtrump faith-based story runs tomorrow friday on @700club. @abcfamily channel at 10am et. @rlholdensr: @realdonaldtrump mr trump we are praying that you win the 2016 election! obama is destroying the us! @renhowe: i enjoyed @donlemons interview with @realdonaldtrump on @cnn need more interviews like that. thanks. @votedonaidtrump: @realdonaldtrump @renhowe @donlemon @cnn we love trump. i was so looking forward to being in virginia beach virginia today. the demand for tickets was amazing. good luck with storm back soon! will be in nashville tennessee tomorrow saturday at 2:30 p.m. so much to talk about - see you there! @dodfiredawg78: @realdonaldtrump virginians stand with you sir! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. @billsupdates: why buffalo bills could be responsible for donald trump becoming president team has a great owner! @tea4freedom: pastor robert jeffres accurately gushes about donald trump pastor jeffres is a great guy! congratulations to my brother robert & ann marie on the success of @monteskitchen in dutchess county new york amenia. great food! pictures of my beautiful mother amazing father and family hanging @monteskitchen in upstate new york. @swterry91: donald trump leads by 9 points in pew poll jeb bush in free fall #tcot. @thehill: p. diddy is a fan of donald trump:. @mnmanstein2: polling convergence - oan gravis and reuters show donald trump surging with 34 - 35 support... via. @kenpettigrew: don t slow down the trump storm... american needs leadership not a paper president like obama. don t leave us with jeb! @thenewsclub us: rt @mnmans: polling convergence - oan gravis and reuters #rt #cnn #hbo. @kelliheathman1: megan kelly admitted trump was leading by a lot!! that talk with ailes must have worked... time to get tough. trump 2016. @apollonc1: @realdonaldtrump @mnmanstein2 you will be the next president of the usa!! thank you mr trump. sincerely the middle class!! @valerieannt: @drudge report @jebbush jeb you are falling in polls because conservatives feel that you cannot #makeamericagreatagain. @howardkurtz: trump s big lead in a new poll and whether jeb s stuff happens was taken out of context with @megynkelly tonight thanks h! @howardkurtz: @joenbc it d be humorous to cull tweets from experts over past few mos who have predicted trump s immediate collapse. @misskellyaudrey: @foxnews @howardkurtz @melaniatrump melania is a beautiful woman who conducts her self with class and dignity #trump2016. @carrillo pete: @realdonaldtrump great numbers #makeamericagreatagain thanks. @tvegan: donaldtrump your kicking everyone s ass! always believed in this country ! your going to make america great again ! mr president! @mormontim: going to see @realdonaldtrump tomorrow in franklin tn #makeamericagreatagain. @gse says: overwhelming wins by @realdonaldtrump in primaries will prove what will happen landslide in the general election. thank you @megynkelly for the nice things you said about melania. you will like her great heart and smart - always wanting to help people! @collegestump: can t wait for @realdonaldtrump to be the next pres. @cnn @foxnews @drudge report @blackrepublican. @elkay14: @jordanfax i like gutsy brave guys like #trump #reagan i hate all those bloody hypocrites @realdonaldtrump thank you. bush and rubio are finally attacking each other as i knew they would in order to be the last establishment man standing against me.great. rubio was very disloyal to bush his mentor when he decided to run against him. both said they love each other.they don t - word is hate! just leaving nashville tennessee. had a great time with a fabulous crowd of people! love nashville -- back soon! i will be on @meetthepress with @chucktodd tomorrow morning at 10:30am et on @nbc. enjoy! tune in to see me on @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos at 10am et. enjoy! @jwbananastand: @nbcsnl i think i just heard @realdonaldtrump s ratings go up another 5 #trump #snl. @realreagan0503: it s funny how they say @realdonaldtrump doesn t give specifics but he s the only one who put out more than 2 policies. @leftfootjustice: if @realdonaldtrump becomes @potus we will finally have a @wwe hall of famer as president. @scottferson: .@tarankillam plays a way better fake @realdonaldtrump than a real @hillaryclinton plays herself @nbcsnl. @solfusiongreg: @mediaite the more the progressives & rino s poke at the donaldtrump the stronger he gets and more real people like him! @piercingshawn: @realdonaldtrump please don t roll over . you are this country s last hope and our kids need you. don t lose this deal ! @sfurnbac: thank you @realdonaldtrump for the great #snl this week!!! @topcota1sg: @phxken i am hispanic and will vote for @realdonaldtrump. @neilforell: watched the roast of @realdonaldtrump you took those jokes like a champ what a good sport! im voting for you now great. @billpwr1: @collegestump @cnn @foxnews @drudge report @blackrepublican fyi @batchelorshow @larry kudlow #trump2016 appeal grows! @misterdish69: @iamfreedomman @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @realdonaldtrump @cnn. @lindaleereyes: @realdonaldtrump great job donald!!! can t waite for you to be president and neither can america!! @polemicism: okay okay @realdonaldtrump was right: laguardia airport is a total dump. like really really bad. @joetoohey: this morning on @meetthepress - @chucktodds sit down with @realdonaldtrump in his nyc campaign hq #mtp. @laurencristmann: @realdonaldtrump @topcota1sg @phxken i can t wait to cast my vote for donald j trump in may and november thanks. @deborahcroce5: @realdonaldtrump ends speech in franklin tennessee w thank you i love you all!! we love you 2 #makeamericagreatagain. @thenewsclub us: rt @realdonaldtrump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30. #rt #cnn #hbo. @thenewsclub us: rt @realdonaldtrump @laurencristmann: @topcota1sg @phxken i can t wait to cast my vote for donald j trump #rt #cnn #hbo. the people of tennessee yesterday were amazing. thank you! @trumpnewmedia: @carrillo pete illegal aliens found guilty of murdering border patrol agent. will be interviewed by @gstephanopoulos on @abc at 10:00 a.m. will be interviewed by @chucktodd on @meetthepress at 10:30 a.m. @nathanpaul1975: @realdonaldtrump hollywood doesn t get to pick our presidents we the people do!! go trump! @margee11: watch @realdonaldtrump fires up the crowd in franklin tennessee via @trumpstump2016. @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump you said it best! #makeamericagreatagain. @dgrant39107133: @nathanpaul1975 clinton may go to jail but is still running for president? 99 of people would be in jail for what she did. @andreatantaros: donaldtrump is right. and sadly christians were treated better under hussein & gaddafi than isis. @michellepippin: @realdonaldtrump when are you coming to #virginiabeach? very soon! i m leading by big margins in every poll but the press keeps asking would you ever get out? they are just troublemakers i m going to win! @paulrsidneyuk: i cannot believe the increase in illegals here in san antonio texas. we are the minority constantly discriminated against. for all of my fantastic supporters and for the u.s.a. we are going to win and make america great again maybe greater than ever before! the incompetence of our current administration is beyond comprehension. tpp is a terrible deal. thoughts and prayers for those in the floods affecting the great people of south carolina. political strategist stuart stevenswho led romney down the tubes in what should have been an easy victoryhas terrible political instincts! @marklevinshow: donald trump will be on my show tonight at 8:30 pm eastern time. will be my great honor so much to talk about! @waynedupreeshow: headlines: donald trump maintains huge lead on opponents as polls go #keepingitreal. @todayshow: we re pleased to announce that donald trump has just accepted our invitation for a town hall. -@savannahguthrie so true! @forbes: if donald trump puts his name on x it will sell for 3.7 times more than it would otherwise. nice! so so so important - make america great again! @kingvantes: @anncoulter @redstate truth .just like perry walker bush .. all y all who go after @realdonaldtrump will fail #trump2016. @thewtftahoe: @realdonaldtrump will #makeamericagreatagain. @raddmom: @realdonaldtrump - don t let the media & the @gop elites push you out- americans are with you! thanks i won t! @4udirtyrat: @realdonaldtrump 9 million more out of work because of this bad deal.will have over 100 million out of work. nice going obama. @knight276: @writeonright @real carl icahn @danscavino @realdonaldtrump media is confused they bash trump he rises in polls! @q1776: love fest for donaldtrump on @marklevinshow just now. top 5 talk radio audience in country. great being on the show with mark! @jaxx613: @realdonaldtrump @renhowe @donlemon @cnn . mark levin interview was great. don t ever forget we will together make america great again! @casuperrunner: @cu mr2ducks @foxnews @foxnewspolitics trump talked about this weeks ago as a possibility .... this is not rubio s idea. @larryschweikart: @peddoc63 @rickcanton @realdonaldtrump @marcorubio funny. the donald living rent-free in lil marco s head. @karentalk: @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump stop interrupting trump..please..he is correct on everything.. @lindaricker6: my choice @realdonaldtrump just finished a great interview on cnn. pathetic questions from cuomo but trump cleared the air. @angeladale143: @realdonaldtrump @cnn wow did trump kick ass with cuomo! you are the man mr. trump certainly not the lamb chop rubio. @realbigstriper: @chriscuomo pew poll: @realdonaldtrump holds commanding lead @cnnpolitics. @lisa steen: seriously cuomo hates donaldtrump he was a pathetic interviewer as usual! please don t go anywhere mr trump america needs you. @tea4freedom: @realdonaldtrump @cnn that was awesome boss! #trump2016. @nay 2xtimes: great interview on #newday @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @aj nix: @realdonaldtrump @cnn great job mr trumpkept em on topic got your message though. @jpm05880: @realdonaldtrump @cnn trump even sharper than last week!!you are beautiful... @wmikewood: @cnn trump shuts down cuomo. i am not getting out. i am going to win. cuomo tries sleazy tricks . epic fail. unprofessional. @cpo mark 2010: @realdonaldtrump is fired up on @cnn!!! so are your supporters!! #trump2016. @stevebrainard1: @realdonaldtrump @cnn great interview trump! @kitkat123frank: @realdonaldtrump @cnn @specialkmb1969. you have my vote. .@waynenewtonmrlv wayne such a pleasant surprise--so nice. thank you very much. crooked @club4growth has given up advertising in iowa on meremember they wanted my million dollarsi said nototal frauds! labor unions giving serious thought to endorsing trump via washington examiner. i will be on @specialreport with @bretbaier tonight at 6pm. true! @4mostcoach: i enjoy every @realdonaldtrump speech in its entirety nobody s going 2 tell me what our next president says but him. @jrdavisii: @realdonaldtrump was great! @stephenfhayes is jealous that trump didn t mention him. it s because sh is so wrong! @tn riverfolk: my 2016 vote will b based on #makeamericagreatagain not eminent domainamericans need 2prioritize. @rogerhartford8: @realdonaldtrump hope you win it all . time for a change !! @theconniemoore: @realdonaldtrump see u sat in ga !! great! @chadr73: guess barry diller is afraid @realdonaldtrump is about to upset the crony applecart. #trump2016 @carl c icahn an angry fool! @lewgeraldine: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump trump for president you have my vote. great. @pnicastro1: @waynenewtonmrlv he did give tremendous praise for you this morning on @foxandfriends. keep it up!make america great again! @bluegirlvi: @bretbaier @foxnews donaldtrump god voters are not getting tired of trump! he s winning over others too #makeamericagreatagain. @for2016: pundits love to take a snippet out of context from something donaldtrump says and then weave a blanket of bullshit around it. @gardibates: @ananavarro @cnn @realdonaldtrump why are you even on tv? u sound like nails on a chalkboard. biased against trump. so true! @nedbello: @realdonaldtrump your doing great! thanks. @darcy027027: @gardibates @ananavarro @cnn just in! 10 6 15 morning poll trump 18 trump 31 carson 13 rubio 10 bush 7 fiorina 6. @manahawkinmikey: @realdonaldtrump @gardibates @ananavarro @cnn at least @megynkelly came to her senses #asksean. @sempek1: @bretbaier @realdonaldtrump trump is talking about highways huge building projects - not as steve hayes said - small fry. @foosball38: @realdonaldtrump we need a real leader to lead. let s make america great again! vote trump 2016. @sharonday5: the only hope for america to break from the single party establishment is to vote for @realdonaldtrump #trump2016. @trumpgasm: new- 10 6 15 reuters ipsos poll donald trump continues to dominate! over 37 !! @darcy027027: @realclearspam @elliekemary @anncoulter @gardibates @ananavarro @cnn don t worry. trump will put it back when he is pres ! ben carson was speaking in general terms as to what he would do if confronted with a gunman and was not criticizing the victims. not fair! if stuart stevens book is as bad as his horrible political advice to mitt romney don t waste your money. arrogant guy but a zero! heading to a packed house in waterloo iowa! will celebrate today s great poll numbers together. see you soon! i wonder why somebody doesn t do something about the clowns @politico and their totally dishonest reporting. .@politico has no power but so dishonest! just found out i won the rockingham county republican booth straw poll at the deerfield fair in new hampshire this past weekend. 39 ---wow! .@stuartpstevens made some of the dumbest political decisions of all time in helping romney to get destroyed by obama. should have won! iowa was amazing today. great crowd great people. thanks will be back soon! @sugarofsaturn: @realdonaldtrump @stuartpstevens on the bright side romney s loss gave us donald trump! so true! @3462727: @bretbaier @norsu2 @realdonaldtrump tired of fox bashing trump & pushing gop establish christie rubio bush. @darrenjjordan: @realdonaldtrump @stuartpstevens and he s still a consultant? for what? only a fool would pay stuart for his advice. just arrived in las vegas for a packed house speech tomorrow. big poll results today leading big everywhere. make america great again! @metskins10: @realdonaldtrump @darrenjjordan @stuartpstevens pay him just do the opposite and you will win in a landslide. @sandikay60: @realdonaldtrump @darrenjjordan @stuartpstevens donald trump our next president of the united states! #trump2016 thank you. @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump i truly believe you are the best #makeamericagreatagain thank you so much! @graggquinton: this is the size crowd you get when people care what you say -trump in oklahoma . got even bigger. @pjwj316: @realdonaldtrump yes!!!!!!!!!! america needs @realdonaldtrump for president!!! can t wait for america to be great again!!!! wacky @glennbeck who always seems to be crying worse than boehner speaks badly of me only because i refuse to do his show--a real nut job! i hear @glennbeck is in big trouble. unlike me his viewers & ratings are way down & he has become irrelevantglad i didnt do his show. wow great news! i hear @ewerickson of red state was fired like a dog. if you read his tweets you ll understand why. just doesn t have it! what a time we all had in iowa yesterday massive overflow crowd. love them! i m at trump int l hotel in las vegas tallest most beautiful building in town. speaking to another great crowd at treasure island 12 noon. great kevin mccarthy drops out of speaker race. we need a really smart and really tough person to take over this very important job! @moonwkr: @realdonaldtrump i would like to nominate @ivankatrump for speaker of the house what a great idea she is a total winner! nice. washington d.c. is such a mess - nothing works! i will make america great again! it s not going to happen with anyone else. @midohiomilitia: i haven t missed a speech or interview. love hearing you speak for me! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #ibelieve. @garygaryt52: @danscavino @judiloera @realdonaldtrump when is trump coming to florida? can t wait.go trump! . fl for trump. @skennedy1979: no one else brings the passion conviction experience that you have. your message is resonating w america! i m excited. @pennysingletary: @realdonaldtrump we know this and that s why you will be our next president thank you. @designerdeb3 wow 5000 in line in las vegas for our next president of these united states mr @realdonaldtrump ! this man is the most dangerous political operative in america via bloomberg politics. the goal is to be the winner : donald trump s campaign is for real. via the guardian. website exposing marco amnesty rubio goes live: a donor class puppet? - breitbart. thanks. @momfullofhope @borderwall @realdonaldtrump rocks it everywhere he goes thanks. thank you! just leaving las vegas. unbelievable crowd! many hispanics who love me and i love them! a great event in las vegas nevada! .@ewerickson is a total low life--- read his past tweets. a dummy with no it factor. will fade fast. .@ewerickson ran @redstate into the ground. a change was necessary. congratulations to @redstate and good luck in the future! i was so happy when i heard that @politico one of the most dishonest political outlets is losing a fortune. pure scum! will be interviewed on @morning joe at 7:20. great crowd in las vegas yesterday! @alisaapps @realdonaldtrump you were fantastic yesterday in las vegas - a great event. passionate people. keep it up! #alisareal thx. @davidfoody @realdonaldtrump thank you for taking on the establishment.they don t know what to do do they? @laurarosencohen @marksteynonline on @realdonaldtrump there is nothing trump does that doesn t work for him. good luck! enjoy. thanks larry. best wishes. @barbmuenchen @grindingdude the book to read is time to get tough making america great again. thanks. i will be interviewed on @facethenation sunday 10am on cbs. @johndickerson is a true pro! i will be going to atlanta georgia tomorrowheres the info: hope to see you there! #makeamericagreatagain! @jaymichaelsprod trump won the crowd yesterday curious to see how many are changing their registrations from democrat to republican?? thanks. true. thanks. @jbod2001 @realdonaldtrump yeah you re really wearing out your welcome. who s dominating the polls? you!!! go trump! @ept rudyru @anncoulter i m hispanic & @realdonaldtrump has my vote! and a lot of other hispanics here in the borderland! @women4trump msm cut off intro of trump in lv where we were told he just gave 20 million to st. jude s charity. thank you. @michaeljohns with this month s 224-page @simonschuster book crippled america trump has most specific policy agenda of any candidate.. @paulfincher2 keep the faith. elect @realdonaldtrump and there will be no more sanctuary cities. and very few illegals. crowd gathers to hear trump speech in las vegas. new gravis poll in nh just out: trump 32 carson 13. good luck to the us mens national team in tomorrows concacaf cup vs. mexico! it should be a great game! mark--they could use you. great gravis poll on the great state of nh. also watch @facethenation on cbs & @howardkurtz #mediabuzz -- both on sunday. will be interviewed on media buzz with howie kurtz on fox sunday at 11:00 a.m. heading for atlanta tomorrow morning for noon speech at north atlanta trade center. big crowds great people! @bdean1468: @realdonaldtrump atl loves trump!!! thanks! @jamgrigs: @realdonaldtrump trump keep fighting the fight for america we got your back. the future is looking bright. the trump revolution. @thewtftahoe: please don t ever give up. this country is in such a mess and needs a non-politician to fix it. #makeamericagreatagain. @aliceengle3: @trumpiowa @trumpvictory16 @realdonaldtrump the next generation will be better off because trump was in the oval office! @w gorham: @realdonaldtrump go president trump! many canadians up here are behind you... totally! @thehill: .@realdonaldtrumps biggest hispanic fan: hes my perfect man a great woman! @mypresidentme: @realdonaldtrump @thehill she represents how thousands of us feel. you have the best supporters bar none! #trump2016. @nypost: people are writing tribute songs for donald trump thanks to all of these great songwriters. get rich! paul ryan is far from my first choice but a very nice guy. the republicans should go for tough and very smart this time - no games! i m leading big in every poll and we are going to win! remember trump never gives up! .@chucktodd just informed us that my interview last week on @meetthepress was their highest rated show in 4 years. congrats! thank you georgia! i had a great afternoon with all of you! i will be back soon. #makeamerciagreatagain. .@thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos had fantastic numbers last sunday --- trump interview. nice! my interview with @howardkurtz on #mediabuzz will air tomorrow on @fox at 11am and 5pm. great job howie very insightful. will be interviewed on @facethenation with @jdickerson tomorrow at 10:30am est. enjoy! with the fantastic ratings last weekend @meetthepress & @thisweekabc i think its only fair that i go on @foxnewssunday w chris wallace. via breitbart - riding high in polls donald trump storms the american south to overflow crowds in georgia. little barry diller who lost a fortune on newsweek and daily beast only writes badly about me. he is a sad and pathetic figure. lives lie! just got back from georgia. the crowds and love for u.s. was so amazing! we all had a great day together - will be back soon! @clint goodrich: they used to call barry diller the father of e-commerce -what a joke that was - and that he is. 100 clueless on internet. i will be on face the nation cbs today at 10:30 a.m. and media buzz fox news at 11:00 a.m. enjoy! @thefix: tuesday s democratic debate is missing just one thing: donald trump. true can you think of anyone who wants to watch? @kausmickey: .@realdonaldtrump was calling out paul ryan for his entitlement plans back in 2011 so true! @cnnpolitics: .@clayaiken praises good guy trump and his upstanding and grounded kids. president obama was terrible on @60minutes tonight. he said climate change is the most important thing not all of the current disasters! great everyone is saying i did much better on @60minutes last week than president obama did tonight. i agree! leaving soon after a great time in new hampshire a truly special place! @cft1 @realdonaldtrump doing a great job in new hampshire today ! #makeamericagreatagain. via realclear politics. thank you. will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10pm tonight. enjoy! @connie lee1: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @foxnews looking forward to a great interview with a great interviewee and a great interviewer! @vickybrush: that young girl asking if she ll have control over her own body looked like she was planted there! @horseshort. @gregwescott: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @foxnews another great interview. you were point on .... as good as it gets! thanks! @heavenlyitalian: @seanhannity @foxnews time we had a businessman in the whwho can bring back jobs to america and restore the middle class. @kyredblood: @realdonaldtrump great fox interview @seanhannity. @mimi saulino: @seanhannity @foxnews syrian muslims escorted into u.s. through mexico. now arriving to oklahoma and kansas! congress? @backontrackusa: @seanhannity you are looking & sounding more presidential everyday. the country is ready for you to #makeamericagreatagain. @codyave: @drudgereport @breitbartnews @writeintrump you can t stump the trump. @tophercarlton: .@jebbush sickening attempt. i hope .@realdonaldtrump jumps another 10 points. #wakeupamerica. @parker votes: california gov. jerry brown signs bill allowing illegals right to vote using drivers lic.id. @realdonaldtrump. @deqwik2: @saramurray @realdonaldtrump sorry link above not working. here s good link @cnn and jeb - apologize! at the request of many and even though i expect it to be a very boring two hours i will be covering the democrat debate live on twitter! someone should inform @cnn that despite spending millions of s on graphics it is not the democratic debate rather the democrat s d! @farrightgregy: dan rather: donald trump could be our next president i agree - thanks dan! @ryan padraic: get the popcorn donald trump plans to live-tweet the #cnndebate. #demdebate. @politics reddit: that feminist who called out trump last night? she s a jeb intern. jeb always gets caught sad! @jonygitar: #morningjoe @morningmika @morning joe @joenbc surely you read reports that woman at no labels event was a pol. operative? sheldon adelson is looking to give big dollars to rubio because he feels he can mold him into his perfect little puppet. i agree! the arrogant young woman who questioned me in such a nasty fashion at no labels yesterday was a jeb staffer! how can he beat russia & china? @elvinichols: will @cnn be tough as they were with @realdonaldtrump ? not sure.. no way they will be very gentle! @007llisav: @cnn @realdonaldtrump @cnnpolitics can t wait for his insightful & intelligent tweets. will be so much better than cnn! @ma1973sk i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump live tweets during dem debate tonight. won t watch debate but will watch trump s twitter. very honored: trump is tops as clinton drops in connecticut primaries quinnipiac university poll finds. everybody s talking about my doing twitter during the likely very boring debate tonight. @realdonaldtrump #demdebate. so nice thank you very much. how can jeb bush expect to deal with china russia iran if he gets caught doing a plant during my speech yesterday in nh? exclusive--davi: trump the lion we need. it was just announced that i will be hosting saturday night live on nov. 7th -- look forward to it! live from new york- november 7th! @nbcsnl. @seancduarte @teamcavuto #yourworld if @realdonaldtrump wins barry diller will move out of country. sounds like a win win. @007llisav: @cnn @realdonaldtrump @cnnpolitics can t wait for his insightful & intelligent tweets. you sound like a very smart person! @cnn: .@realdonaldtrump will be live-tweeting the #demdebate via @cnnpolitics. @elvinichols: will @cnn be tough as they were with @realdonaldtrump ? no way they will want to be soooo nice! should be interesting but too bad the three guys at1 will be taking up so much time - but who knows maybe a star will be born unlikely. @xai7126: @greta i d rather see @realdonaldtrump be the debate moderator! @streckerjosh: the hillary love fest on cnn is ridiculous. i feel bad for the other candidates...especially the non-criminal ones. @hapearce1: @realdonaldtrump they need to take the debate slow a lot of low energy on the stage tonight. i hope not! @moshe mkmdca: @realdonaldtrump @007llisav @cnn @cnnpolitics following donald is beautiful. if it s not beautiful it s not donald so nice! @mintzshire: @realdonaldtrump @007llisav @cnn @cnnpolitics we need trump now!!! make america great again! we will all have fun and hopefully learn something tonight. i will shoot straight and call it as i see it both the good and the bad. enjoy! @joethomassmith: #demdebate the @ivankatrump interview tomorrow on @cnn will have better ratings than the #democraticdebate #trump2016. @sassylassee: my tv is off twitter is up waiting for the real show starring @realdonaldtrump #cnnsocialistdebate #demdebate. @valmouw: @realdonaldtrump where are you? i m already getting bored and it hasn t even started #demdebate. @hl3tweets: @tdsvoice @cnn @cnnpolitics i m watching now and will watch the entire debate while reading trump s tweets. grab the popcorn. putin is not feeling too nervous or scared. #demdebate. get rid of all of these commercials. #demdebate. @adamscottnow: @realdonaldtrumpif i have the #demdebate on cnn but pay attention more to my phone does it still count as me watching it? @0nonsense: @realdonaldtrump good luck commenting on this snooze fest i m out. @wayway71: @realdonaldtrump webb is out!! bad opening! #demdebate. @michaeltribunel: @realdonaldtrump imagine chafey standing up to putin. the trade deal is a disaster she was always for it! #demdebate. @amd9890: .@realdonaldtrump was right...#demdebate is boring these ppl are so scripted so far! @tr3s3can: @realdonaldtrump @realdonaldtrump make america great again!! would not even watch dem debate except donald is tweeting about it! can anyone imagine chafee as president? no way. o malley as former mayor of baltimore has very little chance. @jeff gabe: i miss @realdonaldtrump #cnndebate. @maxxgadog: @lindasuhler @realdonaldtrump if you got rid of commercials you would have nothing worth watching. @princeolivier13: why do we have to be tortured by watching these clowns! have the election tomorrow! #trump2016 #demdebate. @rjdicksii: @realdonaldtrump. these cats are like bad used car salesmen. @kosbornsullivan: on our 25th anniversary my husband and i are happily staying in to watch #demdebate and read @realdonaldtrump comments. @laurenda123: @realdonaldtrump i think @jebbush and @marcorubio are supposed to be on this stage. @juliatock: @realdonaldtrump sure you are laughing listening to these 5 try and explain how business and the economy works. scary! @roolaloo: joined twitter tonight just to follow along with @realdonaldtrump and #demdebate. lets make america great again! #trump2016. @jennasnowy69: @realdonaldtrump why is webb there?? @theericker: @realdonaldtrump not watching debate....just your tweets nice! @fedenergy: @nra @nranews support the nra more then ever @nationalrifle needs to back @realdonaldtrump who wants to protect 2nd amendment! @prissyalways: @realdonaldtrump i cannot stop yawning...twitter is more interesting. #demdebate. @pandorasandy1: @realdonaldtrump we need donald trump to make america great again !!! thanks! who is winning the debate so far just last name ? #demdebate. @nexiavauxhall: @realdonaldtrump i love that no group can buy @realdonaldtrump. @dnorrell: this is one of the most dysfunctional debates i ve seen in my lifetime. @realdonaldtrump. @iamnewhere: webb is trying to be @realdonaldtrump and its not working. he is not doing well! @mikerichterp: @realdonaldtrump i joined twitter tonight just to hear mr.trump tweet about this silly debate. @xgdesignsnyc: yada yada...it s a bore fest... best part of this is trumps tweets! @realdonaldtrump #demdebate thanks. @achilarre: i couldn t even imagine the bloodbath that would ensue if the @realdonaldtrump debated any one of these five jabronis. all are very scripted and rehearsed two at least should not be on the stage. the hardest thing clinton has to do is defend her bad decision making including iraq vote e-mails etc. good move by bernie s. sorry there is no star on the stage tonight! @julieruot: i want a president who believes all lives matter and that is why we need @realdonaldtrump. @realninjetta: @realdonaldtrump @ingrahamangle why did hillary get to skate past the do black lives matter anderson let her off hook! @timcoopertweets: how amazing is it that the #1 trending topic is @realdonaldtrump talking about the #demdebate-more than the debate itself. @ts01171980: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump isn t on the stage turning this garbage off. @keksec org: the only winner of the #demdebate is @realdonaldtrump. this is not a great debate - a little sad! @i am tyler: i can t wait for @realdonaldtrump to debate one of these clowns! all are so weak! sanders said only black lives matter - wow! hillary did not answer question! notice that illegal immigrants will be given obamacare and free college tuition but nothing has been mentioned about our veterans #demdebate. @obamatax: after @hillaryclinton poor performance waffling in debates @teamsters14 should support @realdonaldtrump. @jtrink97: @hell0therelydia @realdonaldtrump his commentary is making an otherwise shitty night outstanding thanks. @jamesppierce: these 5 make @realdonaldtrump look like winston churchill #demdebate cute! @mcowgerfl: @realdonaldtrump thank you for always remembering america s veterans! @cola0531: @realdonaldtrump watching oan great speech calling out super pacs and media in norcross ga. @frankguaragna: @realdonaldtrump omalley destroyed maryland.. true he was a disaster. @suzyserb: @realdonaldtrump 100000 people watching tonight for real change. that would be trump 2016. checking out the clown competition. check out oan and compare to what you are watching now! @magnifier661: @realdonaldtrump they make jeb bush look like the energizer bunny #demdebate #usadjt2016. @debateless: @realdonaldtrump i cannot wait to see you debate these clowns #cnndebate #cnn #debate #dnc. @angie58493041: @sadmexi @realdonaldtrump sucess of mr trump is another success of america 2015. @pauperinapinch: @realdonaldtrump thank goodness #demdebate is over. not impressed... trump2016!!! #makeamericagreatagain. @releafpen: dem debate message summary more free handouts. they will be voting in droves. we need to get out and vote trump big time! the latest book on hillarywow a really tough one! @rogerjstonejr. like her or not hillary did what she had to do in the debate last nightget through it. her opponents were very gentle and soft! #demdebate was really boring but had a lot of fun live tweeting and picked up by far the most followers. we need a strong leader- and fast! the debate last night proved that hillary is running against the b team. she wont be so lucky when it comes to me! will be going to richmond virginia today. big crowd! see you there. even though i have the legal right to use steven tylers song he asked me not to. have better one to take its place! steven tyler got more publicity on his song request than hes gotten in ten years. good for him! cnn orc poll results just out for nevadawow! trump 38 carson 22 fiorina 8 bush 6 cruz 4. .@andersoncooper did an excellent job of hosting the #demdebate last night. tough firm but fair. cnn poll just out on south carolina great #s. @jeremyhl: rt @foxnews: .@realdonaldtrump: i have thousands of hispanics working for me & they like me very much. @trumpfix: i swear donald is getting better bolder brasher and more kick ass with every event intvw he does! he will win! @chm1321: @realdonaldtrump is in it to win it . just did @oreillyfactor. will be back on at 11pm on @foxnews. @foxgottrumped: @realdonaldtrump with another great speech today with another huge crowd!!!!! we love you trump!!!! #trump2016. incredible crowd in richmond virginia tonight! so much spirit and energy! #makeamericagreatagain. i m very proud of my daughter ivanka. great interview. signing my tax return.... a great day in new jersey for trump! &. .@kevinhart4real joined @woodmank104 @katek104 @k1047 & was asked about his thoughts on @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 thanks kevin--so nice! the @gop should not agree to the ridiculous debate terms that @cnbc is asking unless there is a major benefit to the party. .@cnbc is pushing the @gop around by asking for extra time and no criteria in order to sell more commercials. why is the @gop being asked to do a debate that is so much longer than the just-aired and very boring #demdebate? will be on @bloombergtv tomorrow with @sruhle. enjoy! @davidaxelrod: .met @ivankatrump a few years back. donaldtrump is wise to enlist his daughter s help. she s a throughly impressive person. @isupporttrump16: @realdonaldtrump has lived the american dream and has inspired millions! he will #makeamericagreatagain for all of us. @bigmikeobrien: @erictrump @skyjones55 @greta @foxnews @oreillyfactor @carlrove is in the tank for bush we are tired of the establishment. @redscarebot: @brandongordy1: @realdonaldtrump is what we millennials need. i used to support that socialist from vt what a mistake. megyn kelly has two really dumb puppets chris stirewalt & marc threaten a bushy who do exactly what she says. all polls say i won debates. .@marcthiessen is a failed bush speechwriter whose work was so bad that he has never been able to make a comeback. a third rate talent! every poll time drudge slate and others said i won both debates - but heard megyn kelly had her two puppets say bad stuff. i don t watch. @rickstans1: donald megyn kelly seeks ratings not truth not much of a journalist. stay focused & make your own narrative. it s working. @hohummm: did you also hear megyn say carson is the front-runner ...according so some polls ..tied in other polls outright lie! hatred! @lance combrink: @realdonaldtrump karl rove still thinks romney won. why is he still on tv? .@cnbc has just agreed that the debate will be two hours. fantastic news for all especially the millions of people who will be watching! .@erictrump was fantastic on @foxandfriends this morning. he may be my son but he is a special guy! @joeyl3rd: @foxandfriends @erictrump grt interview i m telling ya @realdonaldtrump children r going 2 b a huge asset 2 him & his campaign. @shlomo abaddon: @todayshow @mlauer @realdonaldtrump matt will vote for trump i just know he will ! @pjdahling: @mitchellvii the truth prevails when it is so obvious. @realdonaldtrump is a force that is unstoppable. @johnnew2015: @lance combrink well @karlrove is an establishment hack big government rino whose only hope is @jebbush - that s sad eh!? @jimmy jkmorgan: @joeyl3rd @foxandfriends @erictrump totally agree! great father with a great family - winning combination at life. thanks. @jamesdschulzejr: @foxnews you gope supporters wrong again on trump give it up. get on the trump train. great news. @samijs1: hahahahahahaha...love it! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2015 #trumptrain choo choo...all aboard! :. .@scottienhughes keep up the great work scottie. polls are best ever! nice story from @businessinsider. a great new poll-33 ! rumor has it that the grubby head of failing @vanityfair magazine sloppy graydon carter is going to be fired or replaced very soon? heading to boston to see another huge crowd! my friend tom brady is a great competitor and golf partner. in massachusetts --- the place is packed! #makeamericagreatagain. .@jebbushat the debate you said your brother kept us safe- i wanted to be nice & did not mention the wtc came down during his watch 9 11. @trumphiant2016: i ve never seen a candidate as dominant in early states as @realdonaldtrump #trumptrain #votetrump. no @jebbush youre pathetic for saying nothing happened during your brothers term when the world trade center was attacked and came down. .@jebbush like it or not our country needs more energy and spirit than you can provide! #makeamericagreatagain. @myhealthcoach1: @noahgraycnn thank you police force for your efforts of protecting donald trump we love you for this god bless you!!! .@katrinapierson you did a fantastic job tonight on @foxnews. thank you for your very tough and very smart representation! thank you @thefix for your very honest commentary. one thing we do have great teams in ia nh sc and beyond. .@hillaryclinton is on the front page of the @nytimes waving to 200 people in new hampshire. my crowd next door was 5000 people no pic! via cnet: donald trump bests jeb bush in website performance experts say-. via business insider: donald trump s poll dominance in 2 key states is mind-blowing-. russia and the world has already started to respect us again! a great story in the new york post ---really well written! @aspiesmom: nypost gets it you talk like a new yorker. my dad is a democrat long-islander he gets it too and you ve got his vote. i will be interviewed on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 9:00 a.m. or 10:00 a.m. depending on location . will be tough but good! @mimi saulino: @mariclaire81 @realdonaldtrump jeb supports open borders-common core- visa h-ib visa s for illegals. super pac saudis. good news for those that want to make america great again - i am winning every poll in every state and national - and by big numbers! thanks. @vlynpowell: @realdonaldtrump at happy hour tonight in charleston sc everyone at the bar said they were supporting donald trump. thanks! @hl3tweets: jeb and marco owe it to their contributors to admit they have no chance of winning and figure out how to pay back everyone. @bk2seattle: @realdonaldtrump i was with you in tyngsboro ma. last night! you will be our next president!!! what a fantastic evening! @mklloydva: some of you already know. i have made the jump to trump. donald trump is the man that will win the gop. amazing! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @claytonmorris: donald trump is so far ahead in two key state polls. thanks clayton. on at 9:00a.m. or 10:00 a.m. depending on your location on fox is a tough but really good interview with chris wallace. enjoy! jeb bush should stop trying to defend his brother and focus on his own shortcomings and how to fix them. also rubio is hitting him hard! this morning chris wallace has the best political show on television - but that s only because i m on it kidding ! have fun. jeb why did your brother attack and destabalize the middle east by attacking iraq when there were no weapons of mass destruction? bad info? .@foxnewssunday. @blondesforjesus: @foxnewssunday loving @realdonaldtrump interview. #trumpswagger #chriswallace thank you. .@mittromney can only speak negatively about my presidential chances because i have been openly hard on his terrible choke loss to obama! .@mittromney and his campaign manager should not be critical of candidates after they blew an election that should never have been lost! does everyone remember @mittromney and his famous remarks about self-deportation and 47 . he was done. i don t need his angry advice! @girl iowagirl20: #stopthepresses @britthume just admitted donaldtrump will probably be the republican nominee! #helljustfrozeover @foxnews. @glitter alex: @realdonaldtrump is what we need to fix this mess! #makeamericagreatagain im only 11 but my parents are voting for trump! @97musick: @foxnewssunday @skyjones55 @realdonaldtrump of course they re going up! trump is going to win this!! #trump2016 thanks. @walterekurtzjr: @realdonaldtrump chris wallace: after my interview and listening to his answers i think donald trump could be president. @bbcarking: @joetrippi @realdonaldtrump @scottienhughes joe have u resigned to the inevitable? take ur seat on the. @smr111382: @realdonaldtrump one of the best interviews i have seen! @foxnews. @adamblickstein:i never thought i d say this but @realdonaldtrump sparking a critical conversation on reality that bush didn t keep us safe. i should release the sad and totally apologetic letter that penn @pennjillette hand delivered to me. minds would be changed very fast! @danlifting: @realdonaldtrump get a life george will. usa doesn t make anything anymore. trump will bring manufacturing back to usa! @d seaman: @realdonaldtrump trump wins hands down: jeb is weak rubio is broke. @mesiaindo: @chazermann26 i don t think @nbc will cave. they ve seen ratings soar with @realdonaldtrump and money matters! replay of fox news sunday with chris wallace at 2:00 p.m. on @foxnews. big statement made by chris! i will be interviewed by chris wallace at 2:00 p.m. on @foxnews - turn off the football for 15 minutes make america great again! @defendingtheusa: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews loved the brutal zinger against the wall street journal!!! @defendingtheusa: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews loved the brutal zinger against the wall street journal!!! it s amazing that some of the dumbest people on television work for the wall street journal in particular a real dope named charles lane! just reported by cnn that the trump halo effect caused a record-shattering democratic debate rating of 15.3 million viewers. so true! @anncoulter:he s right. trump on 9 11 happening on bush s watch: with my immigration policy i doubt those ppl wld have been in the country. @anncoulter: read this djt full-p ad from 1989 and tell me donaldtrump is a johnny-come-lately fake conservative:. @hardcorerepub: @kencampbell66 dude @realdonaldtrump s tactics are just on a level we ve never seen before. @undengel: @realdonaldtrump @anncoulter couldn t have said it better... nothing fake about you sir. @pappenjazz: an incredibly strong interview of @realdonaldtrump @foxnewssunday good response ic those @foxnews naysayers dissapating! @american1st: @ofccadjust @anncoulter gw bush was open borders like @jebbush. terrorists can come across mexican border at will! @muhfuck: @berniesanders donald trump is the only candidate for middle class america @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @tuvarkz: @realdonaldtrump can t stump the trump. @rd 2008: @jebbush quit jeb quit. your poll is even lower than your apprentice rubio. @realdonaldtrump. @kellmat2: @realdonaldtrump @rd 2008 @jebbush jeb is no conservative in my book. common core is a disaster. @tweet4upatriots: i believe @realdonaldtrump can make america great again #c2gthr thank you! fox news sunday with chris wallace will be re-broadcast on @foxnews at 6:00 p.m. @paulferguson17: @foxnewssunday @realdonaldtrump @jebbush @foxnews. chris this is awesome what an interview. go donald. @howddyd: @foxnewssunday @realdonaldtrump is correct u can t allow 1 woman 2 fain luv of house 2 get more holding up huge # s of jobs. @clar: @georgewill @brithume the tv s made in sc are element electronics come on guys. @realdonaldtrump is right @bretbaier #wakeupamerica. @rdpaga: @jebbush we were attacked on ur brothers watch. that s not safe. i have respect 4 gw but truth is no wmd in iraq & 911. @karen05866992: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews so far this is one of the best interviews with trump.!! thank you. @songbird1154: again snl 10 17 exposes carlyfiorina as failed ceo an unwanted senatorial candidate & god forbid next prez #ntxforum. @rebelcapsgal: @realdonaldtrump thank you for speaking out against common core and how horrible it is for kids! @bentleyfortrump: @foxnewsdear sir. chris wallace believes that you can be elected president.great great news for america! #trump2016. @rfscottga: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews it was excellent interview sir. may watch it again. trump 2016. @traceclmbs82: @foxnews pampered @georgewill who never had a real job has no problem w usa losin jobs 2 foreign countries @foxnewssunday. @kathystone1221: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews a must see. trump is brilliant. as usual !!!! #makeamericagreatagain #teamtrump #trumptrain. @pattipav1: @realdonaldtrump great interview! thanks. @pattyds50: @foxnews we want donald !! yah next president! #trumptrain #trumpforpresident we will all make america great again! @svingali: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews can t wait for @megynkelly to jump on the trump train as chris wallace just did! won t happen! @justice41ca: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews i m watching it again right now in california. @karen05866992: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews so far this is one of the best interviews with trump.!! best thing my supporters can do if you don t like the way @megynkelly and her puppets unfairly treat us is don t watch her show! @conservecast: the definition of a pretentious establishment henchman is @georgewill . he is such a sourpuss hates @realdonaldtrump. @chefmama32: @realdonaldtrump good interview with chris! chris even gave you a thumbs up for potus. @rikemohome: @georgewill @foxnewssunday george is full of crap sc element tv s are chinese made. what a liar!! @crowebar 67: @megynkelly been boycotting her since 1st debate mr. trump and so have plenty of other decent people. ratings r going down. @vbonina: @conservecast @georgewill why does fox even talk to will? he is clueless and doesn t represent what our party is about. @weaverinc31: the problem is @mittromney was a weak establishment candidate who couldn t even turn out the base. weak at best! @lwentzel1: link of the day! most popular link among people i follow is by @realdonaldtrump. @theratzpack: @svingali @foxnews @megynkelly i don t care if she jumps on the train .be gr8 if she were just fair and balanced. @julessiscoe: we finally have a voice with @realdonaldtrump! #votetrump #coalitionfortrump #citizensfortrump. @sweetfreedom29: hey @realdonaldtrump --&gt flashback: jeb bush admitted leaky immigration led to 9 11 #tcot wow! @tmoody: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly why would i watch anyone who trusted this guy with nuclear codes? @jebbush. @aldeguer elsa: @american1st @ofccadjust @anncoulter @jebbush hispanics united to make america great again #trump. @joshdill64: our passion for @realdonaldtrump is amazing! it s really cold outside they are calling it a major freeze weeks ahead of normal. man we could use a big fat dose of global warming! jeb is fighting to defend a catastrophic event. i am fighting to make sure it doesn t happen again.jeb is too soft-we need tougher & sharper. bruce willis wearing my hat on @fallontonight last friday-. new poll: trump blue collar support highest since fdr in 1930s--wow! interesting reading re september 11th. via @ibtimes: under fire from donald trump jeb bush focuses on 9 11 even though hijackers got florida licenses. see the attack very possibly could have been stopped. we need real leadership and vision. tonight s official count--7943. an all time record for the anderson civic center in sc! thanks! #trump2016. @cb beach bum: great job @seanhannity you slayed mr. sanchez with the #truth thx 4 defending @realdonaldtrump. @marcoinjersey: i think america had enough of the faking and is ready for someone real just look at @realdonaldtrump. @trump4potusplz: had to join twitter for the first time just to support donald @realdonaldtrump . trump 2016 great! @nickmichaels12: since late july 2015 djt consistently been the front-runner in public opinion polls for the republican party nomination. @mike350zdriver: many hispanics agree with @realdonaldtrump on enforcing the border trump for president. bill clinton wants to #makeamericagreatagain. i will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10 pm @foxnews. #hannity. lots of great new polls--big leads! donald trump tops franklin-pierce herald poll at 28 percent in n.h. both aberdeen and turnberry in scotland and the soon to open doonbeg in ireland blow bandon dunes away. bandon is a toy by comparison! @trekwolf164: @wbtonyturner @radiofreetom @realdonaldtrump no magic just cut off usa aid money to mex until cost is recovered.simple really. i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10:00. you will find it very interesting i hope . enjoy! .@karlrove had my best day ever in the polls one had me at 41 - morning consult. boston globe monmouth nbc and cnn all great. more! @patriotbygod: @gsamusa1 @carolde @realdonaldtrump trumps new va plan will solidify vets. support of trump i love the vets. @portosj81j: @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 #trump hits his highest poll number yet #carson #rubio make small gains. @girldaytrader: our new president will provide something we ve never had before. #truth even if it hurts. #trump. .@seanhannity at 10:00. @btodd539: @seanhannity now they are all saying donald really could be president! i knew this from start! we all must work together! @ashliejuliard: @karlrove @realdonaldtrump trump is the only candidate that i ve ever been excited about #somethingspecialishappening. i will be interviewed on @gma good morning america tomorrow at 7:00 a.m. big new abc poll coming out - i hope i do well! .@monicacrowley you were great on @seanhannity tonight. thank you for the nice words! @ansun sayavong: your opponents have no idea what they re dealing with. sun tzu would be very proud. you are a tactical genius. #artofwar. @saadvisory: @realdonaldtrump donald keep fighting - you are the only hope for america! @blewthebigone: the establishment can try all they want to keep @realdonaldtrump from winning. they are not stronger than we the people!! @ousoonermaniac: we are looking forward to meeting you at your rally in burlington iowa tomorrow! #makeamericagreatagain see you there! @aaron athman: @realdonaldtrump first time i can ever vote and you ve got mine! i want to make america great again!!! fantastic! @ericsjursen: @foxnews @sheriffclarke @monicacrowley there you go! everyone loves donald trump bcuz he s the real thing not a politician. @ccorreia401: @realdonaldtrump @blewthebigone well said. we the people want the truth. we the people want to make america great again. @chocolate3way: i have never loved a candidate as much as i love @realdonaldtrump i can t wait for him to make america great again! nice! @alicecarozza: @realdonaldtrump you were so much better than jeb on hannity. so great and presidential. i m happy this was discussed. @piersmorgan: donald trump still dominating all polls debate cable news gossip...everything. the gop nomination is his he rarely loses! @printingsharon: @realdonaldtrump never been so excited about voting for a candidate since i voted for reagan. .@gma at 7:00 a.m. just out: boston herald franklin pierce poll n.h. trump 28 up 10 carson 16 bush 9 rubio 6 cruz 5 press will say they are surging! i will be interviewed on @gma good morning america at 7:00 a.m. @abc will be announcing new poll numbers. make america great again! @dcexaminer: rasmussen: @realdonaldtrump now beats @hillaryclinton 38 -36 nationally. new poll by abc news washington post trump 32 carson 22 rubio 10 bush 7 wow how will the media put a negative spin on this one? .@trumptoronto was just voted the #1 hotel in canada in conde nast travelers prestigious readers choice awards. the great workers who just completed the skylight at trump international hotel d.c. old post office. i think joe biden made correct decision for him & his family. personally i would rather run against hillary because her record is so bad. @i am tyler @michaelcohen212 i can promise you the only reason i watched the democrat s debate is because of @realdonaldtrump. can u believe that jeb bushs campaign manager is in berlin germany looking for money? whats he giving to germany? @usatrusttrump: wow! the more opponents push the higher the #trump2016 reach! keep pushing dems and jealous gops! @carrillo pete: @realdonaldtrump people are for you #trump2016 keep up the good work and we will win this and #makeamericagreatagain. trump nears 100 days on top via the hill. #chriswallace who interviewed me on sunday had his highest ratings since feb of 09. congratulations! @toddinwichita @realdonaldtrump hillary is doing a horrible job at #benghazihearings reading from the script. #pathetic . she is no leader. joe thanks for not running! the young intern who accidentally did a retweet apologizes. @dpdax @realdonaldtrump thanks for standing for vets take care of those that give so much. @miamiherald: for donald trump south florida makes it rain dollars that is very nice. @thomaolivia: donald trump hands fox news sunday its biggest #crowd in 6 years great! @autumnandews08: @katrinapierson @anncoulter @michaelcohen212 trump blows them all away! he s our next president! #trump2016. @ir0nspirit: can t wait for you to take the white house. our country will once again be strong! sorry jebbush but you got no chance! remember official campaign merchandise hats apparel etc. can only be bought at be careful don t get ripped-off. so nice of @cher--- greatly appreciated! crowd was amazing tonight at trump national doral in miami. love and excitement in the ballroom. tomorrow at noon in jacksonville! @cher: never thought id saydonald trump is a giant among gop front runners cruz devil rubio rage against women carson just tell me why. @tony leers: hillary clinton is a deceitful career politician donald trump is a no-nonsense billionaire businesses man...pick one.. @oshack: a surprising number of republicans think donald trump is their best hope in 2016. @santiagos58: yougov national poll donald trump continues to dominate field with all demographics. the last refuge. @huffpostent: donald trump to host saturday night live. massive crowds already forming in jacksonville - will be and incredible day - 12 noon! make america great again! leaving for jacksonville now. see you there! miami was great. saying goodbye to some of my great workers at @trumpdoral in miami. just finished speaking in jacksonville florida. incredible crowd fantastic people. thank you! will be doing a sit down interview with @jaketapper @cnn on sunday morning at 9:00. tough questions and hopefully very good answers! i will be doing the @todayshow live from new hampshire at 7am on monday morning. #trumptoday. expecting a great crowd of amazing people. questions will be live! #trumptoday. .@jebbush is totally lost -- he spends too much time managing the bloated staff of his campaign & not enough talking about america s future. .@jebbush had a tiny 300 person crowd at senator tim scott s forum. i had thousands and they had real passion! .@jebbush is slashing campaign salaries people making millions. if he can t manage his campaign how can he manage our countries finances? @beverlysimcic: trump: jeb bush has no money he s meeting with mommy and daddy- can t run his own campaign. @hankcampbell: democrats seem to be more interested in donald trump than hillary clinton. @bravehart60: 20 reasons why it should be donald trump in 2016 via @breitbartnewsl a.j. thank you soooo nice! while jeb bush is cutting staff and salaries after having paid ridiculous amounts of money why did he pay so much in the first place? @politicalwire:bush has no money hes meeting today with mommy and daddy and theyre working on his campaign. @christotepis: donald trump leads in expectations shows strength on attributes poll - abc news - via @abc. @bane1349: they all want jobs and a bright future. they know donald trump is the one and only choice to make that a reality! @jaredchristophr: donald trump is the only person that can make this country great again @realdonaldtrump i fully agree! @aviv1818: trumpachusetts: donald trump tops poll of bay state voters: @foxnewspolitics ac360 thanks great news. @voxdotcom: trump has figured out jeb bush s greatest weakness as a candidate and it s not his energy level. @agreatimage: @realdonaldtrump can any democrat or republican fix this country except trump? not a chance!! #trump2016 #electtrump. i will be doing a major sit down interview on state of the union with jake tapper at 9:00 a.m. on @cnn. enjoy! @easyearl: doug ross @ journal: awesome: donald trump blessed by black white pastors and rabbis via @directorblue. this is just not the right time for jeb bush. his campaign is in total disarray too much staff being paid way too much money u.s. govt. @katiesinex: 20 reasons why it should be donald trump in 2016 wow so nice! @landmanmarius: @realdonaldtrump australia supports donald trump. please immigrate to australia and make aussie great as well. cute! a big poll will be announced this morning on @cbsnews face the nation. i wonder if i do well if the press will report the results? doubt it. i spell out some of the differences between ben carson and myself at 9:00 a.m. on @cnn @jaketapper. ben is very weak on illegal immigration. ben carson has never created a job in his life well maybe a nurse . i have created tens of thousands of jobs it s what i do. watch @cnn at 9:00 a.m. @jaketapper. then interviewed on @abc @gstephanopoulos at 10:00 a.m. and then at 10:30 a.m. watch face the nation. big poll comes out today on face the nation at 10:30 on @cbsnews. @msbul: your a gentlemen ben but not our next president @realdonaldtrump. @russia890: @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump trump is the smartest of all. my comment is non partisan. i heard everybody n im on trump side. @ron fournier: .@realdonaldtrump rightly denounces super pac-driven campaign system. another example of how dc deserves this guy great! @machadokirk: @strengthentheus @realdonaldtrump carson is not a nice guy. he knows his superpac throws mud on trump 24 7 #actingmeek. watch my interview on @cbsnews face the nation now and also the new cbs polls which if good for me the media won t report! .@cbsnews poll - wow! new hampshire trump 38 carson 12 bush 8 south carolina trump 40 carson 23 cruz 8 iowa trump 27 carson 27. do you believe that @foxnews is still playing up the old iowa poll numbers and no mention of the abcwashington post or just out cbs results? .@byronyork great numbers from @cbsnews poll. also from abc-washington post poll. thank you! @cnn. @thatgirlflorida: @realdonaldtrump @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn florida loves trump !!! we had a ball in jacksonville saturday! @concerningtimes: @jebbush needs to drop out your hurting the republican cause . @realdonaldtrump is our choice. @tirolian2: @realdonaldtrump @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn # trump is unstoppable thank you. @josemen31: @realdonaldtrump this mexican here loves you man!! keep doing your thing #mexicolovestrump great! @thecrwire: mitt romney finally takes the credit he deserves for #obamacare . @nepafortrump: @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn we r here fighting for you djt! you are the only person who can #makeamericagreatagain #teamtrump. @kathystone1221: @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn omg! carson is more low key than jeb!! tried to watch him but fell asleep! #noisymajority! @cospy8: @realdonaldtrump @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn way ahead in all the polls that matter. trump for president. @thuglife602: @realdonaldtrump bad position for jeb if his mommy daddy and brother get involved the skeletons come back out of the closet. @curtismuddog: @byronyork latest poll shows donald trump winning 70 of electoral vote against hillary clinton! @obfuscateclear: wow imagine what he ll do as president. thanks @realdonaldtrump ford listened to me great! word is that ford motor because of my constant badgering at packed events is going to cancel their deal to go to mexico and stay in u.s. do you think i will get credit for keeping ford in u.s. who cares my supporters know the truth. think what can be done as president! @jfgrcar: @realdonaldtrump gentle ben is no match for putin or if the truth be told even for hilary. usa needs a winner. @desheay: to all my california trump supporters! lets join up and work together on twitter! lets do this!!! @realdonaldtrump #trump2016 ! @mmolina44: @realdonaldtrump @byronyork @cbsnews @cnn donald trump will be our next president of the united states. @jpm05880: @carolde @jebbush @realdonaldtrump @nancyromano17 #jebbush captivates crowds with stirring speech wow. @rketeltas: @realdonaldtrump bush appears to be low on cash may need to do drop out or perhaps get a loan from hillary. remember that carson bush and rubio are very weak on illegal immigration. they will do nothing to stop it. our country will be overrun! an aerial shot of jacksonville crowd yesterday! i may as well show you because the media won t. #trump2016. leaving for new hampshire now. will be doing the @todayshow there live at 7:00 a.m. new @cbsnews poll of new hampshire: trump 38 carson 12! @radioworldsv:tomorrow on today @mlauer moderates @realdonaldtrump town hall live from new hampshire. #trumptoday. ben carson wants to abolish medicare - i want to save it and social security. @dansaltsman: @realdonaldtrump @ford @crainsdetroit @detnews @cnbc do you think hillary ben or jeb could do this? @maria heck: @robertsliardon @realdonaldtrump. the more i hear trump the more i like him! @hoosierclinger: good job @realdonaldtrump for badgering ford. why didnt potus or hillary care about those uaw jobs in ohio? @cindybl: i voted 4 reagan to make america great. i will vote 4 @realdonaldtrump to #makeamericagreatagain #trump. this whole super pac scam is very unfair to a person like me who has disavowed all pac s & is self-funding. re super pac scam: what the other candidates are doing is a disgrace. all presidential candidates should immediately disavow their super pacs. they re not only breaking the spirit of the law but the law itself. #trumptoday watch my appearance on the @todayshow from this morning. dopey @billkristol who has lost all credibility with so many dumb statements and picks said last week on @morning joe that biden was in. @coloradojoe2001: how is any one taking carson seriously when he suspends his presidential campaign for a book signing tour? @bobd746847: there shouldn t be a problem with this election. we the people finally have someone that speaks on our behalf. trump-2016. @thewhitehatter: thanks to @todayshow for giving great attention to the town of atkinson at #trumptoday w. @thejusticeengle: @realdonaldtrump i m 18 years old from florida and just registered to vote. you got my vote in the primaries! thanks. @albertomarsano: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to seeing you in reno nevada this thursday! nevada stands with you!!!!!!!!!!!!!! nice. @julian771177: mike tyson endorses @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain thanks iron mike greatly appreciated! @jordandworaczyk: @drhawk12 @elvisknievil i m voting for @realdonaldtrump too. thanks. @bawl: i agree @billkristol hasn t be right about anything in a very long time. shocking that @morning joe gives him a platform. @rhatpatriot: @foxbusiness @realdonaldtrump why not post the other polls where trump has 40 percent and carson is in the teens? strange? new gravis national poll just out --- 36 ! very nice! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you @sahilkapur for the wonderful story. trump s national lead increases to 35.6 going into the third gop debate it s trump carson and rubio. national gop presidential poll via @oann @realdonaldtrump 35.6 #trump2016. i am leaving for sioux city iowa - great event rally . @faagifts: @oann wtg great job. u r the best pick out of all of the candidates & ohio knows this 2.that is why u r leading there too. @indies4trump: @huffpostpol composite national poll #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumptrain... @rketeltas: @realdonaldtrump at least the real frontrunner is actually campaigning in iowa and not on book tours. trump 2016! just out wonderful poll in north carolina. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. via the washington post: inside the world of donald trump s super fans:. @fairy tabibi: loved seeing @realdonaldtrump speak to the wounded warrior & his family.he has a caring heart and will take care of our vets. thank you iowa! great night---see you soon! #trump2016. @rickst. how many msm outlets will carry a clip of @realdonaldtrump leaving the podium to enter a crowd & listen to the concerns of a vet? @laura damron: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump this hispanic woman believes trump has the brains & energy to make america great again . @2bigj: @realdonaldtrump a lot of people i know are voting trump in nc none have been polled your lead is bigger than anyone can imagine. @barbarajensen1: @realdonaldtrump @oann @gravismarketing. @polling: donaldtrump s and bencarson s support up since sept as they head into tomorrow s @cnbc #republicandebate. @hmaewest: via the washington post: inside the world of donald trump s super fans:. @jayknightjay: @realbencarson good morning. easy on each other & finish off the establishment guys. they hope you 2 will fight it out. true. @marieleff: debate night! #teamtrump16 is behind you 5000 national lead trump 35.6 carson 21.7. after a great evening and packed auditorium in iowa i am now in colorado looking forward to what i am sure will be a very unfair debate! .@cnbc continues to report fictious poll numbers. number one based on every statistic is trump by a wide margin . they just can t say it! .@morning joe can you believe kasie hunt s poor and purposely inaccurate reporting on my great night and crowd in iowa. @politico is a scam! @1barbara1: @realdonaldtrump @morning joe @politico i watched the entire rally and trump was very well received the place was packed. does anybody think that @cnbc will get their fictitious polling numbers corrected sometime prior to the start of the debate. sad! @mozarttaig1: @cnbc is trying to drive down poll numbers to install carson - who the establishment gop will promptly roll. win don win! @cmrose111: @realdonaldtrump @cnbc get your polls straight. trump is going to win. he is the only one tough enough to run this country. @vaporcon2015: @realdonaldtrump the liberals are terrified that you ll be the one to go against hillary. @buckleybro40: @realdonaldtrump @cnbc why only donald trump can beat hillary. #yuge #trump2016 #teamtrump #. i m sure the media will not report the highly respected new national poll that just came out via the economist. 32 ! .@theeconomist poll one of the most highly respected was just released. wow wait until the media digests these numbers - won t be happy! @cnbc poll total: trump 25.22 carson 19.78 rubio 9.67.... @jaxsiete: @realdonaldtrump love your sense of humor...lol your rallies are amazing. we re standing behind you 1000 : @foxnews. via @mailonline trump still in the lead by a whopping 14 points after fluke survey had put carson on top -. thanks everyone they all said i won the debate. even won the @cnbc poll! thank you! #gopdebate makeamericagreatagain. the #cnbcgopdebate poll closed with #trump2016 declared the official winner. thank you! thanks @piersmorgan. you re great! @hyatt1942: @realdonaldtrump @piersmorgan we all voted for you tonight as winner of the debate.. @barbaradestasio: @realdonaldtrump great debate way to go!! @rfscottga: @realdonaldtrump congrats mr. trump. you did great tonight. you made us all proud : yes! saying it again....trump #1. thank you jonathan. greatly appreciated! thank you colorado! an honor to win @nbc @9news #gopdebate poll. drudge poll on who won the 3rd #gopdebate. thank you! @coolgirl6978: you were very poised and professional at the debate. you looked presidential tonight. hit a homerun #makeamericagreatagain. @ngb6060: @realdonaldtrump showing why he should be our next president. tremendous debate. winning all the post debate polls. @currentlyfeed: the #cnbcgopdebate poll closed with #trump2016 declared the official winner. @sisters4evert: good night all supporters. great night mr @realdonaldtrump you rocked the rocky mountains & the nation tonight!!! @4mostcoach: 100 @realdonaldtrump supporters are true blue and we are motivated! @taylorwrightau: #trump came out as a clear winner in the polls yet again! next #gopdebate we need max 5 candidates too many on the stage! the money losing @politico is considered by many in the world of politics to be the dumbest and most slanted of the political sites. losers! @gravismarketing: @oann gravis marketing poll @realdonaldtrump leading. great! @istandwithusa: 62 said that @realdonaldtrump won #gop debate vote your stand: #usa #election2016. thank you @morningmika and @joenbc for all of your nice words and comments on the debate! @horseshort: @jstaggs362 @sburton305 @vermont5girl @realdonaldtrump #trump is truth! we want #trump! @truthinvest: @chrischristie @hillaryclinton good job for christie last night.maybe he will face her 8 yrs from now after @realdonaldtrump. @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump you have inspired us to #makeamerciagreatagain. @jakistheman: @realdonaldtrump keep you re momentum until you win over the white house. @evdefuse: @realdonaldtrump they should just let you be president already you re already leading in the polls. @atheistwwonka: @realdonaldtrump @jakistheman by the time you re done everyone will be wearing a trump tie. @8723g: one thing i learned from @realdonaldtrump : sometimes the best deals are the deals you never make we will have strong deal makers. thank you to everybody for your wonderful comments on my debate performance - it was a lot of fun! today i will be speaking in reno nevada. @misterdish69: @cathyspartanj @realdonaldtrump @ashleyedam @gravismarketing @oann great thank you! @derekcarlson: donaldtrump turned a 1 million loan into 10 billion. that s like you turning a 1000 loan into 10 million. couldyoudoit? @stevebashino: trump good for legal immigration economy defense taxes social security medicare 2nd amendment and all americans. @lvphillies08: once again haters gonna hate...hands down #winner will always be @realdonaldtrump #trump #trump2016. @agentvf: @realdonaldtrump stay strong and get ready for next debate. great job last night. @drudge report: trump wins cnbc instant poll rubio second... developing... @dad trump: @realdonaldtrump @drudge report yes! @mikeanddawnny: @seanmdav dipshit @johnjharwood lied debate always being set for 2 hours if not 4 @realdonaldtrump calling @cnbc out. thank you! cnbc poll: trump won #gopdebate #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. via @slate: who won the #gopdebate? @t johnson tj: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote in my first election great debate last night keep up the good work! #trump2016 thanks. failing host @glennbeck a mental basketcase loves superpacs - in other words he wants your politicians totally controlled by lobbyists! @robertaritzen: @realdonaldtrump we support you! and believe that your america s hope thanks. .@speakerryan congratulations and good luck - you will do a great job for our wonderful u.s.a.! @apollobohono69: @realdonaldtrump this country needs an unscripted hero like the donald... #makeamericagreatagain thank you. @bentleyfortrump: @realdonaldtrump @drudge report we need a wall not a rubio. @derekcarlson: people need to wake up mr. trump. you are the most qualified person to ever run for president of the united states. #truth. @skillethead58: @realdonaldtrump hell of a job. @xxflameriumxx: @mikeanddawnny good job mr. trump. the way you respond shows that you truly are ready to be the next us president! #trump. @neraex: i m not even american and i want to see @realdonaldtrump win! a person like him is going to set a new standard for world leaders! @kotcha301: @realdonaldtrump i sleep better at night knowing u will soon be potus! thank you. @victoryorbust: the one the only donald trump will and can make america great again ! @reince @blewthebigone. @zankmatt: another win! @realdonaldtrump. join me tuesday nov. 3rd at 12pm in trump tower nyc. ill be signing copies of my new book crippled america. dont miss it! i was #1 on twitter -- and so positive. thank you! post-debate via @oann. thank you!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. my interview on @thisweekabc with @gstephanopoulos had a 40 ratings increase over same sunday last year. 20 over last week. wow just heard really bad stuff about the failing @politico. how much longer will they be around? some very untalented reporters. loved doing the debate last night on @cnbc. check out all of the polls! everyone agrees that harwood bombed! thank you @charleshurt for the nice words on @seanhannity. i will win and make america great again! @freestateyank: the only way anybody s gonna beat trump is being better than he is. @rushlimbaugh on @realdonaldtrump. @giatny: rubio an orator liar like obama but totally unqualified. rubio visa bill did not protect american workers. see disney. thank you @morning joe for explaining to @cnn and @andersoncooper and so many others that i am leading in almost all national & state polls. happy birthday to my wonderful daughter @ivankatrump. thank you @rushlimbaugh for your wonderful words. we will #makeamericagreatagain. super pacs should be disavowed by anyone running for president. they are a total scam on our system and country! i am self-funding. donald trump leads polls in florida. via the political insider: donald trump just received the best news possible! happy birthday to my friend @garyplayer... @teed chris: donaldtrumpname one candidate who can make deals with china ! if we dont bring jobs back! were dead. @parker votes: everyone under 10 in polls should drop out and support trump @realdonaldtrump great idea! @unitedcitizen01: @danscavino @realdonaldtrump would be awesome moderators for next debate #rushlimbaugh #seanhannity #marklevin. .@govmikehuckabee great job on @foxnews tonight. thanks for your nice words about my children. class! @smithsj1: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump do you swear to provide for protect and care for our soldiers including vets? yes yes yes! @roadstarr1: @realdonaldtrump @govmikehuckabee @foxnews mike huckabee is a very nice gentleman and yes donald you raised wonderful children. @dblack15nc: @realdonaldtrump republican is 28 support for carson is 23 . poll used by @megynkelly last month. @jimmcvey1: @eddiern @deusvultusmc @deadeyemadoc @smithsj1 trump is the closest thing to gen.patton that we will ever see again. cool! @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump you are always many steps ahead of the game! thank you. @eonline: who had the best donald trump halloween costume--kelly ripa lara spencer or mario batali? @billboard: .@rodstewart on his naked young and carefree days and pal donald trump rod album is great! @sandraopines: @realdonaldtrump i love watching donald trump in action. free education. just watch and learn. love it. #trumptrain nice. @jackdix03868724: arizona polls for democrats only say they would prefer donald trump over hillary clinton 60. @biracial chick: trump rights ship on immigration: demands disney rehire workers replaced by cheap foreign labor. @anonymousyndica: donald trump: i think obama hates israel. when candidate john kasich on the @oreillyfactor talked about dismantling medicare and medicaid he was referring to ben carson. i am going to save medicare and medicaid carson wants to abolish and failing candidate gov. john kasich doesn t have a clue - weak! @hopeisalive66: we need a real change. @realdonaldtrump you are the only1who can stand up& #makeamericagreatagain. @dalva1616: so true! vote @realdonaldtrump and have america greatness back to where it belongs : the united states of america. black lives matter protesters totally disrupt hillary clinton event. she looked lost. this is not what we need with isis china russia etc. the new nbc poll has me in first place but said i was third in the debate - i demand a recount just kidding! . every other poll had me #1. i see marco rubio just landed another billionaire to give big money to his superpac which are total scams. marco must address him as sir ! i am leaving for norfolk virginia - the great battleship u.s.s. wisconsin - for a big rally and really big crowd. see you soon! i told you so-@politico just lost it s top person. poor results and no money to pay him. if they were legit they would be doing far better! lifting off right now for u.s.s. wisconsin in norfolk. see ya. the @wsj wall street journal loves to write badly about me. they better be careful or i will unleash big time on them. look forward to it! @wavridr101: @realdonaldtrump do a flyover @nauticusnorfolk uss wisconsin! cool idea we will try! @marshallfsmith: @lexingtonbobby @realdonaldtrump and its a glorious fall day in norfolk!! knock em dead donald! thanks! @maxinerunner: @realdonaldtrump surges in post-debate poll! trump puts us 1st and foremost @bravelad @timenout. @michael favreau: @wsj evangelicals don t like lairs. this carson mannatech video and story show be shown in iowa. .@colincowherd said such nice things about me during the debate that i thought i d do his show @theherd on monday 2:30pm est . just left virginia where i unveiled my healthcare and other plans for our great veterans! they will be very happy! support coach kennedy and his right together with his young players to pray on the football field. liberty institute just suspended him! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you james freeman of the @wsj for the very nice words. all polls said i won the debate except nbc 3rd . explain to daniel henninger! no complaints but how many people would be watching these really dumb but record setting debates if i wasn t in them? interesting question! @hillx123: @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain leading big nationwide in reuters poll - great! @danlifting: @realdonaldtrump i wouldn t watch it at all if mr. trump was not on it. see u on your book signing on 11 3. trump all the way. @shawnslawns4u: @terrykimk93 @wsj this coming election is the most important presidential election in my lifetime vote for trump. @rketeltas: @realdonaldtrump has won all three debates and all that matters is that trump supporters know that & will vote trump! thanks! @realollietaylor: @realdonaldtrump no one would have watched the debates if trump had not been in them. @antstacksgrieco: @realdonaldtrump you were great in it!! thanks! @jodil792: @realdonaldtrump i wouldn t be watching at all!!! honestly! @sallyavicii2014: @realollietaylor agree this is the only time #americans have been more involved in president elections since kennedy!!! @twillnurse: @realdonaldtrump saw this and had to share! he wants to be you! love it!!!! u r his hero! so cute! @sean in nh: @realdonaldtrump @realollietaylor so true. in all previous debates no one watched and they were cancelled. @borderwall: floridian here i quit watching debates years ago & most tv except gator football until you decided to run for president. @danielgenseric: another strong pro-american position with dept of veterans affairs reform policy. #trump2016. few people know that @fortunemagazine is still in business. tell your writer alisa soloman that i left the apprentice to run for president. .@thehill john oliver had his people call to ask me to be on his very boring and low rated show. i said no thanks waste of time & energy! @katyturnbc: this is the most focused trump stump i ve heard - really drilling down on vets issues here in virginia. @costareports: the post s latest on trump: from trump s rally today in virginia:. @thehill: watch live: trump talks about treatment of veterans in norfolk va. @waynedupreeshow: trump:our educational sys is ranked #28 in the world-get rid of #commoncore watch live and chat:. @cbsnews: watch: donald trump holds rally at uss wisconsin in virginia a great day. @themsdlr: donald trump releases plan to reform veterans affairs - abc news - via @abc. @suesabo: media wants a puppet.we want donald trump to make america great again last chance to make america great. gov. john kasich has really failed on the campaign trail. i thought he would have been far more talented. he is just wasting time & money! @pamelajanevp: watch full speech: donald trump massive rally in norfolk va 10-31-15 on youtube -. @paulapedene: trump leads gop carson stays strong rubio 3rd: poll. @n r mandela: @realdonaldtrump and you re still a negative loser and trump is still a positive winner. i m black and proudly voting trump! @michael 0000: first vote news video mike tyson endorses donald trump for president - thanks mike! @bellicwolf: @and is w anyway for me the most original costume was donald trump like president!!!! further proof that gang of eight member marco rubio is weak on illegal immigration is paul singer s mr. amnesty endorsement.rubs can t win. anybody that believes in strong borders and stopping illegal immigration cannot vote for marco rubio read this:. jeb s new slogan - jeb can fix it . i never thought of jeb as a crook! stupid message the word fix is not a good one to use in politics! i told you in speeches months ago that jeb and marco do not like each other. marco is too ambitious and very disloyal to jeb as his mentor! marco rubio will not win. weak on illegal immigration strong on amnesty and has the appearance to killers of the world as a lightweight . if jeb bush were more competent he could not have lost the skirmish with marco in the debate. bad facts for marco if properly delivered! join me tuesday nov. 3rd at 12 pm in #trumptower in nyc. i ll be signing copies of my book crippled america. don t miss it! while in politics it is often smart to send out false messages one thing is clear: that hillary does not want to run against trump. thank you @joetrippi for the nice and true words on #media buzz with terrific howie kurtz. leading new hampshire 30 to 12. @foxnews. @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump 9 years from now we will thank president trump for making us great again! thank you! now that iran ripped us off by making one of the best deals of any kind in history they have just moved to block any imports from the u.s. @robmont777: @strengthentheus @gop @realdonaldtrump. we the people want mr trump to be our president!!! great pic. @thenewsclub us: rt @robmo: @strengthentheus @gop @realdonaldtrump. we the people want mr trump #rt #cnn #hbo. @henrythezebra: @realdonaldtrump america needs you to start your 8-year shift a bit early to start fixing this disaster. @tar heel 73: @realdonaldtrump we shouldn t be surprised.no leadership in the white house.glad @realdonaldtrump will #makeamericagreatagain. @truth or rumor: @realdonaldtrump it s not so much that iran made a good deal it s that kerry and obama gave away the store. o.k.! @damron88: @realdonaldtrump @borntobegop i sure in the hell hope so. trump please make this country great again. @landmanmarius: @realdonaldtrump @robmont777 @strengthentheus @gop we accept the best. we want trump! sirius national news at 7:30 a.m. steve bannon. @breitbartnews. .@morning joe: marco only won the debate in the minds of desperate people. i won every on-line poll even crazy @cnbc. marco good looking? @taurus82409: @morning joe donald trump is the absolute winner!! you heads try to talk around him why why??? go trump! @morning joe: online poll: @realdonaldtrump best to handle economy by far very true thanks! @trump world: the man with a plan! go trump! we got your back! donaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you carl higbie former navy seal for you support of my plan to straighten out the veterans administration-a mess!great job @kilmeade. meet me at @trumptowerny and get your copy of my new book crippled america signed on 11 3 at 12pm! .@charlesmblow why dont you use new polls instead of the single ancient national poll that was a tiny bit negative. dishonest reporting! .@megynkelly used this poll nobody else did when i was downwonder if shell use it now that im up? my interview with @jheil & @markhalperin at @wollmanrink airing at 5pm on @bpolitics. join me tomorrow nov. 3rd at 12pm in #trumptowerny. ill be signing copies of my new book crippled america. dont miss it! @ddietlin3: @colincowherd fantastic job with your interview with @realdonaldtrump today! @trumpfix: @meganena13 @robertew2945 agreed luisa. @realdonaldtrump will win! this is what he does! @shelbycockaxe: @realdonaldtrump trump is our last chance to turn this country around #trump2016. @thebrandonmckee: read all about the wollman deal and many other successful deals in the art of the deal by @realdonaldtrump. @kemper34: @theherd @colincowherd @realdonaldtrump @fs1 great interview. ranks just above the @jimharbaugh49 interview. @tdavistonya: @brucedhendrix @poetry4bitcoin nope. trump isn t taking 2 weeks off to promote his book. trump is donating all to charity. @kingster73: @realdonaldtrump rubio is irresponsible on finances and doesn t show up for work! who would hire him? not the american people! @harpamystabler: @fs1 @realdonaldtrump @colincowherd this interview is great. i will be interviewed on @gma at 7:00 a.m. and @foxandfriends at 7:50. talking about my new book out today crippled america. @nickegoroff: breaking: latest poll of florida voters shows enormous lead for trump! he d beat hillary! #tcot. join me today nov 3rd in #trumptowernyc at noon. i ll be signing copies of my new book crippled america. don t miss it! @dianehauschildt: @foxnews @freelancer1787 @realdonaldtrump @realbencarson. @freebird pepper: @realdonaldtrump is the only candidate speaking on the horrible treatment our vets are getting and he has solutions! @timenout: @realdonaldtrump book in hand waiting for the next president. @jayjohnsonlikes: @realdonaldtrump been here in line for two hours already. reading book while waiting. i ll see you at noon! @freedomrings22: @realdonaldtrump i trust @oann s polls they are actually really fair and really balanced on all their news iowa lead! .@charlesgkoch is looking for a new puppet after governor walker and jeb bush cratered. he now likes rubio--next fail. @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump your performances in every state have been amazing! #makeamericagreatagain. @realollietaylor: @realdonaldtrump @freedomr@oann trump is the only one who can make america great again. carson s sleepy jeb low energy. @lookercherry: @realdonaldtrump the polls are for the news cycle. trump is miles ahead and leaving all others in the dust don t doubt me. marco rubio would keep barack obamas executive order on amnesty intact. see article. cannot be president. i will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme talking about my new book #crippledamerica and much more! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @ethansimmons111: @danscavino @realdonaldtrump. @djtrump2016: donald trump full interview: fox and friends 11-03-15 #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @norge1956: @realdonaldtrump rubio wants common core for education. @twallma: @realdonaldtrump. he is a common sense powerhouse that gets things done! excellent book! @misstozak: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @oann this says it all. trump 2016. @david360nc: @adenunzio we finally have a voice with @realdonaldtrump lets do our part & vote in the primary 4 #trump2016 #trumparmy. @julessiscoe: the complete @realdonaldtrump interview: getting things done via @bpolitics. @mr holtzworth: @realdonaldtrump sarah palin defends donald trump s immigration plan on fox news via @youtube. @nbcsnl: shooting promos for #trumponsnl with cecily and @realdonaldtrump. @dougdwiley: @realdonaldtrump i can t wait to read your new book! we are supporting you here in boise idaho! @seanhannity: @realdonaldtrump on sending 50 special ops forces troops to syria: this country needs to be less predictable. @sjavner: reading crippled america ....feeling love for our country first in it s pages. that s why i stand with trump. @judgemoroz: republicans in congress can learn a lot from @realdonaldtrump on dealing with obama! they should read #crippledamerica! @svn2hd: @realdonaldtrump crippled america is a must read. so right. great job on another best seller. @lestudio1: donald trump-crippled americathe new book by @realdonaldtrump is best seller in the making. @peter smells: @realdonaldtrump just read #crippledamerica! great book! i haven t felt this enthusiastic about #america since #reagan. @joshuaenglishh: @realdonaldtrump every single real american needs to read #crippledamerica ! beyond awesome i couldn t be more thrilled. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. isn t it terrible that @megynkelly used a poll not used before i.b.d. when i was down but refuses to use it now when i am up? just landed in new hampshire - a very exciting morning planned! wow! @foxnews poll just came out. #1 with 26 ! almost as importantly i am the strongest on economic issues by far! #trump2016. i will unveil my first campaign ads on @morning joe at 6:30am tomorrow. enjoy! #makeamericagreatagain. also tune in to the @todayshow at 7:00am. i will be on to discuss the campaign my new ads and #crippledamerica. jeb bush just said about marco rubio he s my friend! pure political speak. why can t he be truthful and say disloyal guy no friend! @spiritofshiloh: carson has the worst health plan ever re: soc sec and medicare. @realdonaldtrump he wants to abolish medicare - no way! @destiny: why didn t @seanhannity correct jeb when he said @realdonaldtrump has run 4 president 2x b4 jeb needs 2b corrected b c he lied. @lizzym420: @amrightnow @realdonaldtrump what other candidate begins to rival trump in his knowledge breadth of issues stamina? thanks! @hanan khan2: @realdonaldtrump i am a lifelong democrat. and i will be voting trump!!!! #democratsfortrump great! .@seanhannity should have corrected jeb bush when he said that i ran for president twice. never ran merely considered running! @curtismuddog: @destiny @seanhannity jeb s! whole campaign is fueled by lies. just like his brother lied about iraq. bush dynasty lies. @nottaliberal: @realdonaldtrump @destiny @seanhannity no need everyone knows jeb is full of blank. @teamspringsteen: @realdonaldtrump i just finished reading crippled america. it s a detailed blueprint to get america back on track. @marklindsay78: @hanan khan2 @realdonaldtrump poll numbers are higher then most think no one is asking democrats if they are voting trump. rubio lied about my meeting w hispanic activists. i didnt change my opinion but treated them w respect. shame! @reagan girl: msm are lying to you about hispanics hating trump. here s the real deal! #hispanicsfortrump. the carson story is either a total fabrication or if true even worse-trying to hit mother over the head with a hammer or stabbing friend! @sandrajenners: i love to see the respect you have shown to your parents siblings and children. proven respect and class needed in usa! @chriskyleband: trump supporters aren t angry we re smart ! we re men women millennials politically saavy. @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump ivanka said it and you said it too you ll be great for women. #makeamericagreatagain. @socal4trump: wow @megynkelly. you openly lie about who s ahead in the gop race. trump is leading in 99 of polls. shameful... #stopthelies. a great honor to easily finish first in the @foxnews poll tabulation even though some of my best polls were not used in determining winner! @deemcna: @foxnews silent majority did not try to kill their mothers like ben carson but wants america rebuilt by only one capable:trump. @rick sa: @greta interesting presidential race carson tries to beat his mom with a hammer and @realdonaldtrump beats carson in the polls! @reganharycki: @realdonaldtrump it s about time we find a republican that can take on the democrats! @grundleman27: marco rubio can t even handle his own credit card how is he going to be able to handle the u.s. finances #trump. @aliceengle3: @realdonaldtrump-huge lead in reuters national poll. @rhinostate: .@realdonaldtrump @grundleman27 rubio is a manchurian candidate. people will own him if he ever became president. florida ethics commission advocate comes down hard on rubio. so do two people who worked with him. said he used the wrong credit card! sure. such bad reporting: a puff piece on ben carson in the @nytimes states that carson is trying to solidify his lead. but i am #1 easily! sad. with ben carson wanting to hit his mother on head with a hammer stab a friend and pyramids built for grain storage - don t people get it? carson now admits his friend named bob who he tried to stab bob was saved by his belt buckle! no longer exists as bob. wrong name! i think it would be a good ideaand fairto include @govchristie & @mikehuckabeegop in the debate. both solid & good guys. @foxbusiness. .@ajdelgado13 thank you so much for the nice words and support--really enjoy listening to your ideas and thoughts. @jimmyfortrump: @insighter007 @oamericangirl all rep should stand with #trump2016 forget bush rubio and knife attackers! #trump2016. @robostop10: @realdonaldtrump this is not good. wow one of many lies by ben carson! big story. getting ready for @nbcsnl commercial. @captainmark : @robostop10 keep it comming trump!!!! people need to be warned about that carson figure who is not who they think! @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump @robostop10 @politico how anyone could see him as president baffles me. lies and insane theories. @trumpsmyhomeboy: @realdonaldtrump @robostop10 @politico the #msm straw man candidate is falling apart! @bigsampolkcoga: @govchristie @mikehuckabeegop @foxbusiness and they kept rand paul on the main stage. let s get huck and christie back. @eric wagaman94: super excited to watch @realdonaldtrump tomorrow night on @nbcsnl #makeamericagreatagain. @defendingtheusa: great video. which of these 4 polls is suspect? kudos to @oann #trump. @pjs307: @walshfreedom will be highest rated show ever @realdonaldtrump is a marketing genius #snl hope it does well! @bob forbes2: donaldtrump has built a lifetime reputation of doing what he says he will do. he keeps his promises. @swargcoming: @anncoulter @rushlimbaugh @greta @oann @foxnews is carson hallucinating? now lies about westpoint? happy birthday to the great @billygraham. he s done so many wonderful things not the least of which is his fantastic family. i love billy! so sad that obama rejected keystone pipeline. thousands of jobs good for the environment no downside! will be on @oreillyfactor tonight. signing a copy of crippled america for bill! @phinsdiehard: @cnn only donald trump can #makeamericagreatagain thank you! @fbeadon: @realdonaldtrump don t let the keystone pipeline die. the us needs to be good neighbors with canada and energy independent. @billkristol has become a sad case. his magazine is failing badly probably doesn t have long to go and his predictions are always wrong! would be nice if @jmartnyt learned how to read the polls before writing his next story. probably done on purpose but not good reporting! @nbcsnl: one more day! donald trump hosts #snl with @sia tomorrow. will be a wild night! @bubbachitchat1: this is why the polls are wrong! @hanan khan2: i am a lifelong democrat. and i will be voting trump! #democratsfortrump. one of the dumbest political pundits on television is chris stirewalt of @foxnews. wrong facts - check fox debate rankings trump #1. dope! @essygalloway: @realdonaldtrump @nbcsnl @sia i can t wait to watch snl tomorrow. a really big show! .@robertgbeckel please thank your brother for his nice words on television. seems like a great guy and character! @cnn. saturday night live has some incredible things in store tonight. the great thing about playing myself is that it will be authentic! enjoy. @socialinnewyork: we unearthed donald trump s vine account from 2013 and it s incredible thank you. @live5news: live from new york donald trump will soon be hosting snl : frazier enjoy the show and best wishes! @housecracka: donald trump is going to win the presidency. get on board the #trumptrain its going to be #yuge thanks. they are saying that tickets to tonight s saturday night live are the hardest to get in the history of this great show! off to a good start! @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump i haven t seen anyone carry themselves so presidential since reagan. #makeamericagreatagain great! @tazz53098: @realdonaldtrump can t wait to watch. #trump for president #saturday night live. @nbcsnl: we re live from studio 8h tonight. #snl. @nbcsnl: see you at rockefeller center. #snl. @nbcsnl: cecily also has a trump impression. #snl. @nbcsnl: everyone loves @sias new look. #snl. @nbcsnl: backstage with trump. #snl. @nbcsnl: from the last time donald trump hosted #snl the boardroom band. @albusinvogue: @sia is performing donaldtrump is hosting. tonight s #saturdaynightlive is going to be legendary. @realcinders2: @realdonaldtrump use snl to tell hispanics you are for them you want them to have jobs and be here legally great idea! @bmw e38forever: @realdonaldtrump so let it be written so lets get him elected in a landslide victory in 2016! @amesmoreno: @designerdeb3 @garyinlv01 @sueinwny @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump wow marco is this true? @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump you want them here legally and they want to be here legally! @waxking911: @cbsnews @realdonaldtrump. @jak00seven: if you like how @hillaryclinton handled #benghazi then you ll just her as commander-in-chief #makeamericagreatagain. @sherrysue66: i am working a #12hr #american shift but will stay up 2 watch! i could use a saturday night live laugh! #weu. nice. i am at the saturday night live studio - electricity all over the place. we will be doing a tweeting skit so stay tuned! amazing evening at saturday night live! will be on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. @pearlspolkadots: @realdonaldtrump loved the show! best #snl in years! #trumptrainsnl. @b ranzetta: the books great @realdonaldtrump #crippledamerica. @martydrinksbeer: @realdonaldtrump it was fantastic!! @david360nc: we finally have a voice with lets do our part & vote in the r primary 4 #trump2016 #trumparmy. @redletter99: @realdonaldtrump thanks donald great showwhen r u coming back to massachusetts? very soon! @christinemmoran: @realdonaldtrump great show !!! @wakeupfla: please stand up for american hispanic families and fight illegal immigration it is destroying usa! @jackmarchione: @realdonaldtrump loved the show! @pizzapartyben: @realdonaldtrump we need you elected tomorrow! @ccakul: @realdonaldtrump it was a great show! @eegrc98: @realdonaldtrump i am hispanic - i am with you. @mcjeff42: @realdonaldtrump you made snl great again. @nbcsnl: what a show. thanks for watching everyone! #snl. .@nbcsnl - so much fun last night! @justintupper: @realdonaldtrump you are a machine. success leaves clues. #makeamericagreatagain. @hillsgypsydad05: @foxandfriends awesome time on saturday night live mr. trump! thanks for being you! #makeamericagreatagain thank you! .@cnn will be interviewed by jake tapper at 9:00 a.m. enjoy. i will be interviewed by @gstephanopoulos on @abc at 10:00 a.m. at 10:30 i will be interviewed on both @meetthepress by @chucktodd and @cbsnews face the nation by john dickerson. this after long evening! @cleopattrausa: @realdonaldtrump @nbcsnl you ve got it going on!!! nothing is boring or low energy about you. #everybodyrockw trumpnow #snl. television ratings for @nbcsnl saturday night live just came out and they were great - the best since 2011. very few protesters! .@ericshawnonfox highest rated saturday night live in four years. 47 higher than their opening night with hillary & miley cyrus. nice words. @coltsfan322: @realdonaldtrump @ericshawnonfox. @emittelucemtuam: @realdonaldtrump @ericshawnonfox great job donald! good luck from canada! @tegodreaux: @realdonaldtrump @ericshawnonfox huuuuuge. @mypresidentme: @ericshawnonfox that s because people are interested in you & you ve got a great sense of humor unlike hillary #trump2016. @specialkmb1969: @nbcsnl @realdonaldtrump was hilarious ty we so enjoyed it! #trumptrainsnl #trumponsnl #makeamericagreatagain. @mcjeff42: @realdonaldtrump you made snl great again @nbcsnl. @winechics: trump winery: via @winechics always an amazing experience at trump winery beautiful fall foliage. @salyboy3: @realdonaldtrump great job on snl mr trump funny funny. thanks. @watchman4the1: chuck schumer: sen marco rubio is totally committed to obamas immigration agenda donaldtrump. @variety: ratings: donaldtrump lifted #snl to a near four-year high. trump ratings gold! @tradingstreetco:donald trump is ratings gold for snl: donald trump is ratings gold for snl... @foxnews @cnn. thank you to all of those who gave me such wonderful reviews for my performance on @nbcsnl saturday night live. best ratings in 4 years! @dlustv: trump snl episode generates highest ratings since 2012: at the very least donald trump is making sat... .@betsy mccaughey thanks so much. really appreciate your comments. i will help the veterans like no one else. .@cnn should listen. ana navarro has no talent no tv persona and works for busha total conflict of interest. thanks piers. greatly appreciated. @piersmorgan. great job on @greta @donaldjtrumpjr. nobody could have done it better! a great evening in springfield illinois. thank you for all of the support! #trump2016. marco rubio is a total lightweight who i wouldnt hire to run one of my smaller companies - a highly overrated politician! marco rubio couldn t even respond properly to president obama s state of the union speech without pouring sweat & chugging water. he choked! marco rubio is totally weak on illegal immigration & in favor of easy amnesty. a lightweight choker - bad for #usa! thank you to @nypost s robert rorke for the really nice review of #snl. so many enjoyed it - very gratifying! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @kazmierskir: @realdonaldtrump @donaldjtrumpjr outstanding!!! is obvious that jr. has much of his father s charisma and intelligence! @teed chris: @loyal2trump2016 @trumpalabama @foxnews look when you try to kill your momthat s it for me no walking on water. @freedoms411: @wakeuppeoplesos @mitchellvii @cnn @abc @cbs it shouldn t be ignored and i doubt it will be carson will drop in polls. @kniala: @realdonaldtrump exactly. marco has no accomplishments. @burgettn: @ab1132 @realdonaldtrump it s the only way we can make america great again. @jimmygould07: only one man has the appeal nerve commitment ideas & motivation. he s the icon business tycoon and lovable donaldtrump. @breitbartnews: ratings were huge for @realdonaldtrump s appearance on saturday night live -. @fox411: donaldtrump saturday night live episode garners highest viewership since 2012. @foxandfriends: trump helps snl blow roof off the ratings most viewers since 2012. @usatoday: donald trump lifted #snl to its best ratings since 2012. photo: nbc. @piersmorgan: why @realdonaldtrump nailed snl. my new column. @foxnation: #donaldtrump gives snl its biggest ratings in years. i will be interviewed by @gstephanopoulos on @gma at 7:00 a.m. there is much to talk about! @jezzak: if the trump hotel honolulu is any reflection how you would be as president then i think the u.s will be in good hands thank you! @curtismuddog: @limbaugh @seanhannity @realdonaldtrump is hillary s worst nightmare! just take a look at illinois rally last night. @jspence80: @jspence80: like him or hate him @realdonaldtrump runs a brilliant campaign for #potus2016 ! thank you! @ray aub: funny all the real polls have @realdonaldtrump way ahead. go out and buy crippled america: how to make america great again. doing really well. great thanksgiving or christmas present! thank you new jersey! #trump2016. thank you south carolina! #trump2016. people magazine: donald trump was right: he gave snl its best ratings in nearly 4 years--plus what you didn t see. i will be on @morning joe live from new hampshire tomorrow at 7am. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @rmac747: keep up the good work donald! hello from vancouver where the new & amazing trump tower and hotel almost complete! will be on @morning joe live from new hampshire - 7:00 a.m. talking about the debate and more! loved doing the debate...won drudge and all on-line polls! amazing evening moderators did an outstanding job. thank you @morning joe & @morningmika -- a great show! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. happy veterans day. to those who have served thank you for your special work. just returned home from the great state of new hampshire. have made so many friends there--special place! i never said that china was in the bad tpp trade deal but that china would come in the back door at a later date. @cnn @foxbusiness. .@gerardtbaker gerardwonderful job last night as moderator of the debate. i told many really smart and elegant. i will be on @marklevinshow at 8pm tonight. tune in! will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight at 8 pm. @christianlord12: rubio sat back during debate on immigration hoping no 1 would ask him about gang of 8. @frankieguy85: this 92-year-old woman registered to vote just to cast a ballot for trump. @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump you will bring out more voters to vote for you than we ve seen in any election! great. @ellenespence: i m not convinced that any candidate other than @realdonaldtrump is committed to securing our borders. #votetrump2016. all seven on-line polls including drudge and time with thousands of respondents said i won the debate. @krauthammer said i was so so. i will be interviewed on @mariabartiromo @foxbusiness at 7:30. today s @wsj editorial is wrong again. i know that china is not in the new t.p.p. trade deal but would come in latter through a back door. .@wsj editorial board should review my debate statement re china and t.p.p. and apologize. china not part but will get their way in later. the @wsj editorial board is so wrong so often. they got info from an incorrect story in another pub. why not watch and listen to debate. when and how are the dummies at the @wsj going to apologize to me for their totally incorrect editorial on me. i want smart trade deals. why wouldn t the @wsj call for comment or clarification before writing an editorial which is so totally wrong. no wonder it is doing poorly! we as a country either have borders or we don t. if we don t have borders we don t have a country! .@karlrove is a biased dope who wrote falsely about me re china and tpp. this moron wasted 430 million on political campaigns and lost 100. why does the failing @wsj write a false editorial about me and let dummy @karlrove make the same mistake in the same edition of the paper? .@wsj and dopey karl rove made a mistake and purposely mischaracterized my statement on the terrible tpp deal. total fool @karlrove is part of the republican establishment problem. an all talk no action dummy! wow pres. candidate ben carson who is very weak on illegal immigration just said he likes amnesty and a pathway to citizenship. from 2 to 27 in texas - quite a jump into first place! thank you @forbes for showing the @wsj was wrong. so dishonest! macys was very disloyal to me bc of my strong stance on illegal immigration. their stock has crashed! #boycottmacys. i will be on with @bretbaier tonight at 6pm. #trump2016. i will be on @outfrontcnn with @erinburnett at 7pm. tune in!#trump2016. first candidate in virginia with over 16000 validated signatures for the ballot. an honor - thank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you iowa! i appreciate all of your support @iowacentral & @ethanolbypoet this evening! #trump2016 #iacaucus. happy friday the 13th. @drudge report: reuters 5-day rolling poll: trump 34 carson 19.6 rubio 9.7 cruz 7.7 ... thank you - a great honor! .@carlyfiorina carly not just you i also told gov. kasich to let jeb talk give him a chance because kasich was constantly cutting in. .@carlyfiorina carlyi did graduate from wharton and did very well. who is your fact checker? will you apologize? .@carlyfiorina ben carson said in his own book that he has a pathological temper & pathological disease. i didnt say it he did. apology? .@carlyfiorina i only said i was on @60minutes four weeks ago with putinnever said i was in green room. separate piecesgreat ratings! .@carlyfiorina had to inject herself into my factual statements concerning ben carson in order to breathe life into her failing campaign! .@seanhannity carly whose campaign is dead is making false statements about me in order to salvage hope! sad. great honor to be inducted into the nj boxing hall of fame last night. thank you! timing could not have been better! thank you @jaketapper for giving me credit for my vision on bombing the oil fields. should have been done long ago. #trump2016. they laughed at me when i said to bomb the isis controlled oil fields. now they are not laughing and doing what i said. #trump2016. boy is this guy @shepnewsteam tough on me. so totally biased. as a reporter he should be ashamed of himself! #trump2016. my prayers are with the victims and hostages in the horrible paris attacks. may god be with you all. president obama said isil continues to shrink in an interview just hours before the horrible attack in paris. he is just so bad! change. we need much tougher much smarter leadership - and we need it now! @mario posillico: @realdonaldtrump you need to win for not just america but for humanity. @abcinsc: @realdonaldtrump - a tough man for a tough job in tough times. gloves off game on! @dlt912: @realdonaldtrump you definitely have my vote! @jrpantiques: @realdonaldtrump @abcinsc @katrinapierson the world is playing everything right for trump! every day his points are proven. @haloonefortrump: @realdonaldtrump has what money can t buy: vision & loyal & motivated support! #veterans #military @foxnews @cnn @gop. @shawnlivinlife: i still haven t heard the wh say the words islamic terrorist. call it what it is. #trump2016 can t happen fast enough. @gman0623: @realdonaldtrump @haloonefortrump @foxnews @cnn @gop i love you trump! make america great again! @mikeog : @realdonaldtrump was right! close the borders! #trump2016. great news out of new hampshire! donaldtrump is pulling away from the pack w 2nd is 17 behind him! #trump2016. @jcooper75: #demdebate this debate stinks. cbs news major fail. @realdonaldtrump. @jaslohr : @realdonaldtrump are you watching this circus?!? #demdebate what a joke! #trump2016. @tomrichey: enough of these party debates. what i wanna see is a @sensanders vs @realdonaldtrump one on one debate! that would be easy! @redletter99: @realdonaldtrump i absolutely love this can t wait till u debate clinton. @oliviaand24: @realdonaldtrump trumpon america needs you in office now! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. why won t president obama use the term islamic terrorism? isn t it now after all of this time and so much death about time! hillary and sanders are not doing well but what is the failed former mayor of baltimore doing on that stage? o malley is a clown. wow bernie sanders just admitted that the real unemployment rate is 10 it is actually over 20 and for african american youth - 51 . i think everyone will like my new and very successful book crippled america. go get it and let me know what you think! @tasteofaz: poll: trump surges to 42 nationally bad news for marco rubio @realdonaldtrump great news! @tejadadennes: @realdonaldtrump crippled america is an incredible book! people need to read truth. #hispanicsfortrump #democratsfortrump. @mnrosrnr: @realdonaldtrump the best book i ve read in years trump is right on every issue and has the best ideas a true economic genius. when will president obama issue the words radical islamic terrorism? he can t say it and unless he will the problem will not be solved! .@realdonaldtrump on isis&oil fields! saying it for years! @andersoncooper you should acknowledge this! #trump2016. i had a great time in texas yesterday. a tremendous crowd of wonderful and enthusiastic people. will be back soon! we need strong tough and brilliant leadership now more than ever! make america great again! @thewatcher23579: one of paris terrorist came as syrian refugee. donald trump is right again. bomb their oil - take away their funding. @mholsbunes: donald trump says tough gun control laws in paris contributed to tragedy: presidential candidate?? @usatrumpdiva: donald trump surges in poll among likely republican voters. .@vanityfair magazine is doing really poorly. it has gotten worse and worse over the years and has lost almost all of it s former allure! i have watched sloppy graydon carter fail and close spy magazine and now am watching him fail at @vanityfair magazine. he is a total loser! glad to see that @rondarousey lost her championship fight last night. was soundly beaten - not a nice person! @hturne: @vanityfair you re spot on! he tries 2b an intellectual elitist.the truth: he has a low iq no imagination no creativity. @realreagan0503: if you missed it here is the most popular link among people i follow by @realdonaldtrump. @davenorthyv: does anybody ever realize that hillaryclinton doesn t make eye contact with anyone even the camera. that s a sign of lying. @syoka68: reading the comments of the leftists on here makes me nauseated. we so need you mr. trump! make america great again. @parker votes: we finally have a voice with lets do our part & vote in the r primary 4 #trump2016 #trumparmy. @760 831: @dansaltsman @realdonaldtrump @michaelcohen212 @ivankatrump i have faith he will win and save america. @760 831: @dansaltsman @realdonaldtrump @michaelcohen212 @ivankatrump i have faith he will win and save america. @peg4cats: @terrylambert201 @realdonaldtrump you are so right. i only trust trump to be tough on immigration. .@johnlegere @tmobile john focus on running your company i think the service is terrible! try hiring some good managers. president obama just told president putin how important the russian air strikes against isis have been. i told you so! tom brady just did it again. he is not only a great guy he is without question the best quarterback! @streetr77: @johnlegere @tmobile didn t know he was ceo of tmobile i have t-mobile it s pathetic dropped calls no service. @sarahpalinusa: from st. patrick s cathedral nyc: blessings prayers and heartfelt concern for those in paris. remember i was the one who said attack the oil isis source of wealth a long time ago. everyone scoffed now they re attacking the oil. interesting article from highly respected wayne allyn root. wow @macys shares are down more than 40 this year. i never knew my ties & shirts not being sold there would have such a big impact! republicans must stop listening to dopes like @karlrove who still insists mitt romney won the last election. think big & think strong! will be landing in knoxville tennessee shortly - tremendous crowd expected. it s all very simple we want to #makeamericagreatagain! discussing #syrianrefugees with @ericbolling on @foxnews back on 10 3 2015. #isis. i agree! the headline says it all. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. just landing in knoxville tennessee! massive crowd expected! will all have a great time despite serious subject matter. just leaving knoxville tn --- what a crowd what amazing people! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. great poll numbers out of @umassamherst. thank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. just received a copy of @sarahpalinusa new book -- a great read! sarah is a terrific person. thank you tennessee! #trump2016. so many great polls like reuters - big leads everywhere. new hampshire really special! we will win big and make america great again! i along with almost everyone else have so little confidence in president obama. he has a horrible attitude-a man who is resigned to defeat. refugees from syria are now pouring into our great country. who knows who they are - some could be isis. is our president insane? gop voters trust donald trump to keep our country safe. what is our president doing? one of the saddest things in journalism is what happened to the formerly great @ap. they have lost their way and are no longer credible. .@ap is doing very badly. i can say from experience their reporting is terrible & highly inaccurate. sadly they are now irrelevant! melania and i just had interview with the legendary @barbarajwalters. watch #abc2020 this friday. tonight we talk isis @wntonight. i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 on @foxnews . much much much to talk about! @ashevillelaura: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity @foxnews obama has no credibility on terrorist threats & isis. trump best to protect us. the great barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special friday night at 10:00 on abc. thank you for all of your support! let s #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016. @katrinapierson: #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 katrina great job on @foxnews last night! how does ben carson survive this problem really big. similar story on front page of new york times. great new poll. very nice article from daily mail. via politico: trump extends lead in new hampshire poll. @foxnews new hampshire poll: @realdonaldtrump rules gop race in new hampshire. trump 27 rubio 13 cruz 11 bush 9 carson 9 & kasich 7. eight syrians were just caught on the southern border trying to get into the u.s. isis maybe? i told you so. we need a big & beautiful wall! everyone is now saying how right i was with illegal immigration & the wall. after paris theyre all on the bandwagon. the police in paris did a fantastic job. very brave - not easy! thank you for your support! together we can #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016. i told you! premiums are soaring! #repealobamacare #trump2016. just the beginning & it is going to get worse. rates & deductibles are so high nobody is going to be able to use it. thank you worcester massachusetts!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the legendary barbara walters interviews melania trump and me on a special this friday night at 10:00 on abc. don t miss it! governor kasich whose failed campaign & debating skills have brought him way down in the polls is going to spend 2.5 million against me. john kasich should focus his special interest money on building up his failed image not negative ads on me. john kasich despite being governor of ohio is losing to me in the ohio polls. pathetic! i want to do negative ads on john kasich but he is so irrelevant to the race that i dont want to waste my money. watch kasich squirm --- if he is not truthful in his negative ads i will sue him just for fun! kasich has already spent 6 million on ads in new hampshire and his numbers have gone down. people from nh are smart! i loved beating john kasich in the debates but it was easyhe came in dead last! doesnt help kasich to do negative ads on me because he still has to go through everyone else - hes almost last. john kasich fell right into president obamas trap on obamacare and the people of ohio are suffering for it. shame! once john kasich announced he was running for president and opened his mouth people realized he was a complete & total dud! john kasich was managing director of lehman brothers when it crashed bringing down the world and ruining people s lives. a total failure! a great evening in iowa! thank you des moines area community college for a great forum! #trump2016 #iaforums. a wonderful afternoon in iowa! great people! heading now to florida - tomorrow south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the media must immediately stop calling isis leaders masterminds. call them instead thugs and losers. young people must not go into isis! the media must denigrate isis at all levels or youth will continue to be drawn to it. these are low level degenerates not masterminds! going to south carolina now great place sro crowd. iowa was amazing yesterday! .@mkhammer a fox contributor isn t smart enough to know what is going on at the border. @thejuanwilliams made the point far better! my family has the honor of being interviewed for a full hour by the legendary @barbarajwalters tonight @abc - 10pme. under our president isis is gaining great strength-. i didn t suggest a database-a reporter did. we must defeat islamic terrorism & have surveillance including a watch list to protect america. thank you for a great afternoon south carolina! see you next tuesday! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. can you believe the worst mayor in the u.s. & probably the worst mayor in the history of #nyc @billdeblasio just called me a blow hard! .@billdeblasio should focus on running #nyc & all of the problems that he has caused with his ineptitude & not be so focused on me! the legendary @barbarajwalters interviews my family and me tonight at 10:00 on @abc2020 . don t miss it! .@hillaryclinton is weak on illegal immigration & totally incompetent as a manager and leader - no strength or stamina to be #potus! just got back from south carolina. going to alabama tomorrow! .@gracematters thank you a very wise bet! best wishes. @geraldsoelz: awesome news. keep your focus on the issues. you just might get more blue collar democrats to vote for you than reagan. @unicurls: @realdonaldtrump i ll be in attendance. #yuge #makeamericagreatagain #bamafortrump nice! @meganweaver321: @realdonaldtrump alabama loves you great! @samsellars: @realdonaldtrump north carolina. come on down. will be there very soon! @the2ndguardsus: @realdonaldtrump roll tide. .@washingtonpost @bretbaier please thank charles lane for his new found confidence. he has made a very good bet! tune into the legendary @barbarajwalters at 10pme on@abc2020 tonight. #meetthetrumps for a full hour @abc #abc2020! @smith jere: @realdonaldtrump you are amazing mr. trump! thank you!!! so nice. looking forward to watching the legendary @barbarajwalters interview my family and me tonight on @abc at 10:00. many things to talk about! @mia liner: @gsrpygmies @realdonaldtrump trump supporters are a very loyal breed! we see the truth only trump can fix this mess we are in. @jamespwilson1: @realdonaldtrump when you become president we will avenge all of the innocents who isis killed. @2timeslucky: no one can take @realdonaldtrump down because it is the will of the people for him to win! #icymi: i joined #ontherecord with @kimguilfoyle on @foxnews this evening. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. join us at 10pme on @abc2020 @abc with @barbarajwalters! #meetthetrumps #abc2020. @vincentkunicki: @realdonaldtrump @kimguilfoyle @foxnews long live donald trump our next ronald reagan!!! god bless you we need you nice! @hotroddergirl: @realdonaldtrump trump 20 20 shows just what hard work and good family can do. blue collar with you. @greg39529063: @abc2020 @abc @barbarajwalters watching now! great! always true to his word and the usa! a real leader! so nice to hear!!! @classysnobbb: @realdonaldtrump amazing interview. you and your family will be great role models for america!!! #makeamericagreatagain. @realkingrobbo: @realdonaldtrump @greg39529063 @abc2020 @abc @barbarajwalters the best man for the job! thanks! @tcash78: @realdonaldtrump @vincentkunicki @kimguilfoyle @foxnews he will make america great again. @hiddenspeed42: @ay4web no pay or compensation to make our beautiful country again!! that s his promise to us!! we love u trump. @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump your family is a better watch than the kardashians by a mile! cute! @realkingrobbo: @hotroddergirl you re the hero america needs! #trump2016 thank you i only want to make america great again! @michaelglassner: a great day in south carolina for donaldtrump & #teamtrump! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @renasummersltd: watched @abcnetwork special tonight! you have such amazing children. lots to be proud of! love your wife! class act! @tlcastle: @realdonaldtrump do you plan on making any campaign stops in west virginia? yes soon. @rustyblissusa: @realdonaldtrump we re ready to thwart the establishment attempts in the buckeye state. #trump2016 #teamtrump. @thetylerjames9: @realdonaldtrump cannot be bought! therefore he cannot be silenced! @jaazee1: @cnn anchor s shocked that donaldtrump s comments resonate with gop base will go apoplectic that he does with democrats too. @tas0727: @realdonaldtrump make america great again vote donald trump. people are really liking my new book crippled america. check it out! we re stuck with the worst mayor in the united states. too bad but new york city will survive! to show you how politicians act bobby jindal spent 1000 to register in new hampshire & dropped out the next day. such a waste! heading to birmingham alabama and a massive crowd of incredible people! 12 noon - will be wild. a woman who got fired after two days of working with scott walker - a wacko - now trying to raise funds to fight me. so nice when media properly polices media. thank you @breitbartnews. rumor has it - pataki kasich & senator lindsey graham are dropping out of the race very soon. hope it s not true they re so easy to beat! thank you john nolte for wonderful analysis & reporting. it s too bad so few people showed up to @bobvanderplaats family leader dinner. next year i ll try & be there- and they ll have a huge crowd! thank you for a great afternoon birmingham alabama! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you to all law enforcement agencies for a fabulous job!#leo #lesm #trump2016. .@heytana great job - we are all proud of you! @thr: trump s wife children open up about gop candidate: theres no one else like him. @gstephanopoulos: ill talk to donald trump about his comments on syrian refugees and much more sunday on @thisweekabc. @politico: palin on 2016: i think it would come down to cruz and trump! getty. @foxnation: report: #donaldtrump heckler convicted of attempting to blow up marine recruitment center. @fortunemagazine: do successful ceos sleep less than everyone else? @waynedupreeshow: its clear that donald trump was not even talking about a muslim database! @marklevinshow: well said. @ma1973sk: great family. great interview @realdonaldtrump ! @boreed615: donald trump retakes lead in gop race ted cruz makes gains: poll: # via aol. @tomlydon: what financial pros can learn from donald trump s communication style @dansondhelm very nice thanks! @2timeslucky: @steph93065 @foxnews kimberly g. hosted greta last nights& told the truth about trump! @iliveamongyou: urgent @gopin an effort to destroy their own front runner. #makeamericagreatagain i hit back! .ccolvinj @ap is one of the truly bad reporters---working for an organization that has totally lost its way. stories are fictional garbage. i find that @reuters is a far more professional operation than @ap. will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. .@gstephanopoulos just announced that i am leading big in the new @abc poll which will be shown on this week at 9:00 a.m. i will be on show. big new @abc poll to be announced at 9:00 a.m. on this week with @gstephanopoulos. i will be interviewed on show! great poll numbers all over and beating hillary clinton one on one. thank you! 13 syrian refugees were caught trying to get into the u.s. through the southern border. how many made it? we need the wall! we better get tough with radical islamic terrorists and get tough now or the life and safety of our wonderful country will be in jeopardy! great poll numbers! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @heiressarts: @realdonaldtrump by going after you jindal also lost the la governor race! politicians beware. @seansean252: @waynedupreeshow @rockprincess818 @cherijacobus. @jakub lisa: @hillaryclinton a clinton cannot be trusted!how many x s do we allow them to disgrace this country? #noclintoninwheveragain. @drewtheg: trump is the epitome of integrity good spirit forthright honesty... you pull no punches and call a spade a spade. diggin it! @thefix: the paris attacks have only made donald trump stronger very interesting! @mjp1370: @realdonaldtrump @thefix @pbump we need trump now! obama isn t protecting americans !! @bloggerjulie: @foxnews the reporter is the one who mentioned the national database first and not donaldtrump. y not report honest news? @jrpantiques: @realdonaldtrump @thefix @pbump the script for a great world changing leader to arise has been written & it was for mr. trump. @ktd101551: @cnnpolitics trump gave a great speech in ala. what s more important a protester? i wouldn t give these folks 1 sec of attn. @ny conservative: @barbmuenchen #crippledamerica is an excellent resource for the 2016 race #teamtrump #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. hillary clinton is weak on illegal immigration among many other things. she is strong on corruption - corruption is what she s best at! .@matthewjdowd thank you for the nice comments recently especially on @barbarajwalters. my family & i greatly appreciate your kind words. .@ap continues to do extremely dishonest reporting. always looking for a hit to bring them back into relevancyaint working! .@ap has one of the worst reporters in the business -- @jeffhorwitz wouldnt know the truth if it hit him in the face. going to columbus ohio today for a tremendous rally of thousands. the silent majority is no longer silent! hillary there is nothing to laugh about-. when you do your christmas shopping remember how disloyal @macys was to the subject of illegal immigration. #boycottmacys #dumpmacys. via @washingtonpost 9 18 01. i want an apology! many people have tweeted that i am right! .@wsj reports that @gop getting ready to treat me unfairlybig spending planned against me. that wasnt the deal! going to ohio home of one of the worst presidential candidates in history--kasich. can t debate loves #obamacare--dummy! heading for ohio - really big crowd of amazing people! much to talk about! @donnysmith557: @realdonaldtrump everything mr. trump touches turns to gold what a great negotiator! !!!!! thanks. @iliveamongyou: @bostonglobe: ben carson advisers say he struggles with foreign policy. just left columbus rally of 14000 people --- a far bigger crowd than even i expected! unbelievable evening incredible spirit in the arena! @beingmesuzieej: @realdonaldtrump... you rocked it again in ohio!!!! come to nebraska.. please!! trump 2016!! thanks and i will! @david360nc: we have a voice with donaldtrump lets do our part & vote in the r primary 4 #trump2016 #teamtrump. @jeffpage5: @realdonaldtrump @wsj @gop they re finally gettin the message we re fed up & we re not going establishment. @port3star: @jdiamond1 @cnnpolitics you know he has great vision. the very best. many people have told him so. thousands of people! @sandikay60: @realdonaldtrump it was awesome! #trumponly. great crowd! wonderful. @good2bqueen67: .@realdonaldtrump @sandikay60 i enjoyed the speech so much tonight you were on point sir! thanks. republicans must stop relying on losers like @karlrove if they want to start winning presidential elections. be tough and get smart! heading to myrtle beach south carolina. really big crowdso much to talk about! will be doing @seanhannity at 10 pm on @foxnews. as always with sean will be interesting! @anncoulter: if you run anyone but trump hillary wins. so rubio christie jeb! & kasich must hate the country. @nick95b: @realdonaldtrump i ll only vote for trump! if egop screw things up i won t vote for any republicans any. @maryland4t: @smallbiz4trump keep up the good work! americans of all kinds are rallying behind jldonaldtrump to help #makeamericagreatagain. @cecki: leave our candidate @realdonaldtrump alone! do not embarrass yourselves further. .@bradpaisley came up to see me. a really nice and talented guy. what is frank vandersloot getting for agreeing to back marco rubio? last victim was mitt romney - see how that turned out. thank you for your nice words @mikeneedham @heritage for the nice words on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace. #fns #trump2016. new @oann national poll released. thank you america! #trump2016. @patsheldon10913: @realdonaldtrump had a great time in myrtle beach tonight. a wonderful evening in south carolina - big crowd amazing energy! myrtle beach south carolina #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @michaelcohen212: .@realdonaldtrump @oann no one is even close to #trump. @glendaahrens: @realdonaldtrump @oann fantastic winning all the way to wh #trump2016. @idawhannadoyou: @realdonaldtrump @oann love it. wish i could get @oann i hear good things about them such as objective unbiased reporting. why would @greta use @karlrove as an election analyst when he has made so many mistakes. he still thinks romney won. an establishment dope! south carolina was so great last night. will be back soon! @donnysmith557: @karl @morning joe @foxnews karl is a total joke!!!! if he didn t have the bush family and fox he wouldn t have anything! ! @patty laughlin: donaldtrump @karl @morning joe @foxnews never thought much of carl.. make america great again trump for president 2016. @raider8381: @morning joe @foxnews america wants donald trump! tv heads still refuse to embrace that reality! media are liars. @jbclemson: @realdonaldtrump @karl @morning joe @foxnews bombed is an understatement. pathetic attempt by #gop. rove embarrassed himself. @franmfarber: @morning joe @foxnews @morningmika did not say very nice things about you this morning on her show. typical liberal! true! @karlrove just totally bombed on @morning joe. @foxnews has him on even though he has lost all credibility - a loser! fox should dump rove. thank you for your continued support!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @realdctaylor: the establishment is afraid of @realdonaldtrump. once we try a business man we may never want a politician again! #teamtrump. i live in new jersey & @realdonaldtrump is right: muslims did celebrate on 9 11 here! we saw it! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. credible source on 9-11 muslim celebrations: fbi via @wkrg. @keeping real: so good to see the @realdonaldtrump family out with him on the campaign trail! it really shows the family man that he is! the failing @nytimes should be focused on good reporting and the papers financial survival and not with constant hits on donald trump! @riosunny3: @realdonaldtrump @wkrg i lived in new jersey at that time and witnessed all that as well. the @nytimes is so poorly run and managed that other family members are looking to take over control. with unfunded liabilities-big trouble! the dopes at the @nytimes bought the boston globe for 1.3 billion and sold it for 1.00. their great old headquarters-gave it away! so dumb. so since the people at the @nytimes have made all bad decisions over the last decade why do people care what they write. incompetent! the numbers at the @nytimes are so dismal especially advertising revenue that big help will be needed fast. a once great institution-sad! happy thanksgiving to all. have a great day and look forward to the future. we will make america great again! @prisonplanet: .@realdonaldtrump gets it. never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media. great new poll numbers! thank you for your support! #trump2016. i do not know the reporter for the @nytimes or what he looks like. i was showing a person groveling to take back a statement made long ago! the failing @nytimes should focus on fair and balanced reporting rather than constant hit jobs on me. yesterday 3 boring articles today2! @beezakamrb: @realdonaldtrump shopping @macys is no longer a family christmas time tradition in my house. great a very disloyal chain! @pthebnyc: @realdonaldtrump @sari swensen @nytimes no need to explain sir. we ve got your back. thanks! @rketeltas: @realdonaldtrump if you combine the business models for both macy s & the ny times both are on a rapid decline such a pity. @marksimoneny: great twitter quote about donald trump: never apologize for fake controversies whipped up by the perpetually offended media. @vaughnvhalen: donald trump rises to 38 nationally ted cruz edges into 2nd at 12. @deusvultgeorgia: @mingblueteacup @rickcanton @ holly renee @realdonaldtrump should the reporter s dishonesty be shielded from ridicule? @margaretcrowth1: @realdonaldtrump so like the media to make something out of nothing. don t let them sidetrack from the message. @reallyo1: @realdonaldtrump @marksimoneny don t let the jackals in the media trip u up. their getting desperate. @margaretcrowth1: @realdonaldtrump incompetence now the norm. nytimes is an example. need competent leader as role model. trump2016. pollster trend national gop average223 national polls & 33 pollsters.#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @tweetybird2009: @gulfwarvet123 that s why @realdonaldtrump s the man. cannot be bought by #establishment #media #pundits. #theyrmad. @trump2016online: live stream: donald trump rally in sarasota fl nov 28 - 12:00 pm est #trump2016 #robartsarena. i will be going to sarasota florida today for a big rally with amazing people! i have one goal on mind: make america great again! the reporter who pulled-back from his 14 year old never retracted story is having fun. i don t know what he looks like and don t know him! virtually no-one has spent more money in helping the american people with disabilities than me. will discuss today at my speech in sarasota. @munciewolves: @realdonaldtrump america backs you. your our next president!!!! thank you! we boarded the helicopter for sarasota earlier & will be landing soon! see you there. #trump2016. sarasota was an unbelievable success. we expected 5000 a record but 12000 showed up! great love in the air! @jameslauer6: @david360nc @azblonde2015 now s the time 4 christians to get out the vote big time to save christianity once & 4 all. trump. @nobaddog: @repbjnikkel @cindyblackwel12 johnkasich all you career politicians are shaking in your shoes for fear trump gets elected. @buckleybro40: @richlowry @maggienyt @thefix @pbump @realdonaldtrump so great in sarasota fl! #turnttrump we re following t all the way! .@cnn kayleigh mcenany was great on you network today. you should have her on more often! thank you kayleigh for your nice words. the sarasota florida rally today was amazing. 12000 people chanting their love for our country. it s going to happen this is a movement! @jacoh: @cnn @realdonaldtrump i can t believe how low cnn can go. obviously a bunch of killary fans. @cnn only says negative-bad reporters. @artpar17: @cnn your story is a total fraud i agree! i will be on @meetthepress in an interview with @chucktodd on sunday morning. so much to talk about! @pablo44x: @cnn @realdonaldtrump another hit piece by cnn. what? we re not biased! .@cnn has to do better reporting if it wants to keep up with the crowd.so totally one-sided and biased against me that it is becoming boring. @allibiis: @realdonaldtrump @artpar17 @cnn story is bogus. donald trump has the most diverse group of voters supporters in the gop field. @dailycaller: how high corporate taxes lost america the worlds next biggest drug company. @asmurfinmypants: i can t wait to vote for @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @thatx209xguy: @realdonaldtrump @dailycaller trump is our last hope to make america great again. #trump2016 so true! just watched cookie roberts on @abc. her predictions have been so wrong for so long that she has lost all credibility. just another sad case. will be meeting on monday at trump tower with a large group of african american pastors. many i know-wonderful people! not a press event. after my meeting with the pastors it s off to georgia for a big rally - many thousands of great people will be there a beautiful movement! @boogiefinger: @realdonaldtrump @meetthepress @chucktodd chuck doesn t know that 100000 x 2 200000. great job @mariatcardona on @thisweekabc. you made kooky cokie roberts and @billkristol look even dumber than they are. you will be right! @johnwilson12511: @realdonaldtrump is up! up! up! no other candidate is even close!! #trump2016 #potus. @antonio92692: @cnnpolitics @realdonaldtrump trump is the smartest and best man to save america. thank you! @rketeltas: every time trump is gracious enough to do a msm interview he gets ambushed with nonsensical questions why is that. @born2runjosh: @realdonaldtrump @antonio92692 @cnnpolitics trump for president! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @dmsrcmc12bob: @realdonaldtrump they should all get on the trump train! so true! @lee richter: trump will make america safe again...he will make america legal again...he will make america great again! #trump2016 usa. @thisweekabc: maria why do you work with such dummies as cokie roberts @billkristol @mattbai? you can do much better! @mariatcardona. @barber2012jeff: @realdonaldtrump john kasich-it didn t work i m still voting for #trump john has done so poorly in the debates he s done! @beckyomz: @juvenile @thehill we could use a new era of greatness! america needs to return to its place in the world--leading! when will @cnn get some real political talent rather than political commentators like errol louis who doesn t have a clue! others bad also. @wompol: @realdonaldtrump @cnn we also saw numerous since scrubbed videos of celebrations on 9 11. @wzpd8z: mr. trump chuck todd is a moron all kinds of youtube videos showing muslims celebrating 911. i would show it on your ads. @charlottepturn: @morning joe there were no video cell phones!is areuall looking4bonus?near stjoes hosp paterson nj arab area outside celeb. wow the msm is really going after me. 12000 in sarasota a love fest hardly a mention. only one negativity - they only want negatives! how is chris christie running the state of nj which is deeply troubled when he is spending all of his time in nh? new jerseyans not happy! the republican establishment out of self preservation is concerned w my high poll # s. more concerned are demsi beat hillary heads up! we better be vigilant careful and strong. we need a great leader- now! meeting with african american pastors at trump tower was amazing. wonderful news conference followed. now off to georgia for big speech! order signed copy of crippled america & have opportunity to submit question for my live streaming book signing 12 3. a great night in macon georgia! thank you for all of the support. together we will #makeamericagreatagain! a signed copy of crippled america makes a great gift. order & join my live streaming book signing event on 12 3. i want to thank all my friends in macon for the special evening and great reception. what a crowd of incredible people! jamiel shaw was incredible on @foxandfriends this morning. his son who was viciously killed by an illegal immigrant is so proud of pop! look at the editorial i was just sent from the ny post on 9 14 01 - 3 days after collapse of wtc. any apologies? curtis sliwa - doing tv commentary on 9 13 2001. good job curtis. please send your apologies to @realdonaldtrump. what is obama thinking? order a signed copy of crippled america & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12 3 at 7:30 pm. highly untalented wash post blogger jennifer rubin a real dummy never writes fairly about me. why does wash post have low iq people? you would think a paper like the washington post would be fair and objective. for the record almost all polls showed i won all debates. just arrived in new hampshire. another packed venue! will be fun. @kathypica1: @danscavino @carminezozzora @realdonaldtrump yes he is & should apologize all people trying 2 take trump down not a chance. @joyciej2: @realdonaldtrump have a great rally !!!#trump2016. @hyperbolicx: @realdonaldtrump i just signed up in support of your campaign on your website. @iluvbks1: @realdonaldtrump i live in nj & you ve got that right! nj wants chrischristie out of nj! #tellingitlikeitis. @dollfinish: @agseliza @citizens4trump @realdonaldtrump howard stern caller day after 9 11. @trusselise: #trump i will not vote for cruz or #gop. my vote is pledged to @realdonaldtrump &my grandchildren. pray for the usa. @christo20722105: @trusselise conservatives dems independents alike all want trump. there is no one else. #makeamericagreatagain. @fooschamp95: @business @nytimes any gop candidate will lose except for @realdonaldtrump i agree! @reversingasd: @cnn @cnnopinion @realdonaldtrump stupid opinion ! #trump is winning! why will he leave? dummy! the truth continues to come out after 14 years. a truth that many in the media did not want to tell. #trump2016. i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:30 -now! order signed copy of crippled america & submit a question for my live streaming book signing on 12 3 at 7:30 pm. illegal immigrant children non-mexicans surge across border at record rate. join me at 2:00pmest today - live from trump tower - via facebook & periscope! live on #periscope: live with the donald. i beat hillary in the new @foxnews poll head to head. she has no strength or stamina both of which are needed to make america great again! thank you cbs & breitbart-total vindication! will the mainstream media apologize? many many witnesses. #trump2016. california shooting looks very bad. good luck to law enforcement and god bless. this is when our police are so appreciated! a signed copy of crippled america is the ultimate gift. order now & join my live streaming book signing on 12 3. @michaelcohen212: @breitbartnews @newday @cnn @abc @nbcnews yet chrischristie claims absolutely did not happen in #newjersey. #wrong! @thumpmomma: i likewise saw militant muslims burning our flag and burning george bush photos and figures right after 9 11! not#here! @iceblink62: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump the establishment both sides are out to stop your presidency and the american people! true! @drrpsmall: amen mr. trump! the liberal media morons do indeed owe you an apology! bravosir! your friend and supporter #docinmich. @danscavino: bruce levell former gop chairman of gwinnett county ga endorsed @realdonaldtrump today. #teamtrump. @trumphiant2016: this country is being frayed by the inept politicians in dc. we need to vote smarter and be more informed. #teamtrump. @bossytxmar55: #trump will win! he s counting on all supporters to vote then we celebrate with tailgate style parties! #teamtrump. @blacks4trump16: legal & illegal immigration drive down american wages. only donaldtrump can fix this. @anncoulter #trump2016 #teamtrump. @saragreenwell: @realdonaldtrump #votetrump2016 chris christie needs to #apologize 2 along with everyone else who doubted u. #teamtrump. #teamtrump. police and law enforcement seem to have killed one of the california shooters and are in a shootout with the others. go police. heading to manassas virginia for a rally. will have a moment of silence for the victims of the california shootings. so sad! @theratzpack: @pattondivision if only we had a leader like this. we will soon. donaldtrump will look out for the interests of americans. @mike05999224: @foxnews @howardkurtz @mediabuzzfnc start backing @realdonaldtrump real change is coming ! @dlake66675: @chateauemissary @trumpettes16 @realdonaldtrump his poll numbers jump every time instances like this occur. congratulations on the great job done by police and law enforcement on the california shootings. give credit where credit is due. @iliveamongyou: @chucktodd apologize hypocrite jersey city 9 11 celebration report #makeamericagreatagain. @co: cbs reports swarms of celebrators were on roofs in jersey on 9 11 2001 video:. i consider my health stamina and strength one of my greatest assets.the world has watched me for many years and can so testify-great genes! @politico: trump: mideast peace something i d really like to do ap photo. as a presidential candidate i have instructed my long-time doctor to issue within two weeks a full medical report-it will show perfection. @patrickanna: @realdonaldtrump you can definitely thank god for you health stamina strength and all the good things in your life! true! @derektheeight: will be interesting to see how many times jersey rooftop will be brought up now that video has miraculously been found... @2timeslucky: @dlake66675 @chateauemissary @trumpettes16 the more frightening the world is the more safe we feel with president trump. @robstanley79: @realdonaldtrump your the man don. you make me smile every day. look forward to your inauguration. nice! crippled america is perfect gift for friends & family. order signed copy & join me tonite live streaming 7:30. loved being in manassas va last night. such incredible spirit! now in dc for a speech will then visit old post office under construction. why can t @politico get better reporters than ben schreckenger? guy is a major lightweight with no credibility. so dishonest! crippled america is the perfect gift for friends & family. order signed copy & join me at 7:30pm live streaming! thank you! #trump2016. thank you! vote in 2016! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you so much for the wonderful article robert davi. it was recently reported that 3rd rate losing @politico is a foil for the clintons. questions given to clinton in advance. no credibility. great to see the construction of the old post office on penn ave. going fast - under budget ahead of schedule! via @drudgereport:. thank you new hampshire! great people -- see you next week! thank you!! #trump2016. purchase your copy of crippled america now & be on potential call list for my live streaming signing event tonite. i invite you to join my campaign to make america great again! sign up to volunteer! watch my live book signing now! @garyt212: @realdonaldtrump america needs a real leader america needs donald trump for president! @kacee50: @realdonaldtrump we can t take 8 years of hilary or 8 years of establishment gop!!! we need trump!! @markstahlbaum: great job on o reilly @realdonaldtrump stay who you are it s refreshing. #staystrong. @jessi libertad: show em how it s done in raleigh tomorrow president trump! @realdonaldtrump i will! @tomnocera: @realdonaldtrump your hand must be tired from all the crippled america books you autographed tonight-one is mine. great! @hot steam : as a professional handicapper @realdonaldtrump is a 3 5 favorite for presidency. #hotsteam #unload. .@markhalperin i totaly won the rjc meeting yesterday. know many members who said not even close. only full standing o. but don t want s. @aews: another clip that seems to vindicate the donald... @russonpolitics: the gop establishment: republican voters think donald trump would be most electable nominee. .@cnn poll just came out amazing numbers for those who want to make america great again! trump 36 a 20 point lead over 2nd place. thanks. .@cnn & @cnnpolitics please thank alisyn camerota david chalian and john king for the very professional reporting of the new cnn poll. the virtually incompetent republican strategist who has had a failed career cheri jacobus is incoherent with anger that her puppets died! great live signing last nite! over 25k views. i am signing books for next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts:. .@marthamaccallum martha great interview with my son @erictrump -- smart tough & professional. thank you! @foxnews. the horrible shooting that took place in san bernardino was an absolute act of terror that many people knew about. why didnt they report? .@jrubinblogger one of the dumber bloggers @washingtonpost only writes purposely inaccurate pieces on me. she is in love with marco rubio? #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. a total refutation of the disgraceful david brooks column in the failing @nytimes by the @washingtonpost:. congratulations chuck. must be wonderful to have donald trump as your guest --- #becool! #trump2016. good news disloyal @macys stock is in a total free fall. don t shop there for christmas! great live signing last nite! over 25k views. i am signing books for next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts. a great night in raleigh north carolina! thank you! #trump2016. @bjmgraphics: @markhalperin trump understands freedom needs defending with full heart and diligence. he will fight for america! @danscavino: .@realdonaldtrump #raleigh #northcarolina! #trump2016. @cwisecwise1: @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @realdonaldtrump @gop we are with you mr trump. we back you 100 percent. @curtiscraven76: @cnn @realdonaldtrump keep up your good work mr trump cause u have my vote. @nepafortrump: @cwisecwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @gop #teamtrumppa will turn pa from clinton blue to trump red! team wont stop. @ben techpro: donald trump opens up massive lead in national poll #makeamericagreatagain #wakeupamerica @gop. @pattyds50: @cwisecwise1 @iliveamongyou @pennybishop16 @gop yes! we love you donald!! we are behind you all the way to whitehouse!! @jasthompcountry: @realdonaldtrump @danscavino thanks for coming to raleigh mr. trump. i enjoyed every minute of your epic speech! thanks. @americanaspie: @diamondandsilk you were awesome at the @realdonaldtrump rally. it was exciting to see you. @americanaspie: @diamondandsilk you were awesome at the @realdonaldtrump rally. it was exciting to see you. two truly fantastic women! raleigh north carolina was fantastic last night. such incredible spirit. we all want to and will make america great again! done by a real fan! #trump. re crippled america -- i am signing books for the next two weeks. order yours for holiday gifts! a great day in both spencer & davenport iowa! thank you for the support! #trump2016 #fitn #iapolitics. .@katyturnbc 3rd rate reporter & @sopandeb @ cbs lied. finished in normal manner&signed autos for 20min. dishonest! @maddow you copied incompetent @katyturnbc incorrect story. i m sure you would like to apologize to me on show. thank you for the courtesy. @pimpburgh2015: @katyturnbc @realdonaldtrump just tweeted that you are a third rate reporter. that s only because i m being nice! .@katyturnbc & @debsopan should be fired for dishonest reporting. thank you @gatewaypundit for reporting the truth. #trump2016. wonder if obama will ever say radical islamic terrorist? was going to do a phoner this morning with @jaketapper on @cnn but they could not get their phone equipment to hook in. will do next week. i will be interviewed on face the nation @cbsnews at 10:30 a.m. should be interesting - enjoy! @dr tweedy: @cnn @johnkasich kasick message is as muddled and stagnant as his political career. lied about trump crowd. media-he lied! @jsears68: poll numbers will go up even more for @realdonaldtrump after obama s address. @cindyblackwel12: @dr tweedy @cnn @johnkasich america wants #trump @jaketapper politicians are so dishonest! hillary just said that she will not use the term radical islamic - but was incapable of saying why. she is afraid of obama & the e-mails! watch face the nation - will be on now! so how did i do on face the nation? @brianbl43802294 @johnkasich trump is not controlled by donorsspecial interestslobbyists like u.ur a total puppet.trump is working 4 u.s. .@brookslawbrooks thank you so much for your nice words. i will make you look very smart! @shellyleigh123: awesome interview. you are always honest with the american people thank you mr. trump!! @revdojoe: we will elect @realdonaldtrump for president! we must! @mollymaguires61: @politichick @nytpolitics @foxnews @rupertmurdoch @gop in bed together & hate trump. win it for the usa & the 21st cent. @trumpismyhero: @realdonaldtrump only president donald j trump can #makeamericagreatagain. i will be live-tweeting president obama s prime-time speech tonight starting at 7:50 p.m. eastern .will he finally state the real problems? wow @georgewill said some very nice things about me today on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace. i am making progress thanks george! thank you america! together we will all #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016. @fieldroamer: americas most reliable bellwether county has fallen for @realdonaldtrump great story thanks! order my book crippled america for your holiday gifts. i will be signing books for the next two weeks! i have been saying it for sometime now!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. may the festival of lights bring our jewish friends from around the world health & happiness! happy hanukkah! gee @meetthepress with @chucktodd was getting terrible ratings then with me he set records - i saved his job but chuck still not nice! big night on twitter tonight. i will be live tweeting president obama s speech at 7:50 p.m. eastern . must talk radical islamic terrorism! i will be re-tweeting some of your better most imaginative and hopefully insightful tweets. make them good great ! important stuff. hillary won t call out radical islam! she will be soundly defeated. the podium in the oval office looks odd! not good but the words will be the key. hope he won t spend too much time ripping apart the 2nd. amendment! @dboiarsky: @realdonaldtrump make america great again dt! @10inchpolitics: @realdonaldtrump air strikes? who s air strikes?? @livnow: this is who we r register as rep online 2vote trump in primary : #makeamericagreatagain @carolde. @jfk4701: @realdonaldtrump he is reading off the teleprompter. but that is o.k. in this case. @homefreeee: @realdonaldtrump he needs to stop all visas not look at them! is that all there is? we need a new president - fast! wish obama would say isis like almost everyone else rather than isil. should have gone after the oil years ago like i have been saying . well obama refused to say he just can t say it that we are at war with radical islamic terrorists. @wiggintonrandy: @realdonaldtrump he will never say it therefore he will never have a solution! thank you graham ledger of the daily ledger @oann for your really fair coverage and your great interview with peter roff of u.s. news & w.r. obama said in his speech that muslims are our sports heroes. what sport is he talking about and who? is obama profiling? i spoke with other candidates to a jewish group many friends in d.c. i said i m a negotiator like you got standing o-rated best of day! n.y.c. has the worst mayor in the united states. i hate watching what is happening with the dirty streets the homeless and crime! disgrace. the @washingtonpost which loses a fortune is owned by @jeffbezos for purposes of keeping taxes down at his no profit company @amazon. the @washingtonpost loses money a deduction and gives owner @jeffbezos power to screw public on low taxation of @amazon! big tax shelter. if @amazon ever had to pay fair taxes its stock would crash and it would crumble like a paper bag. the @washingtonpost scam is saving it! i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! credible source on 9-11 muslim celebrations: fbi. poor @johnkasich doesn t have what it takes-. today we honor the fallen at #pearlharbor 74 years ago today. if you see a vet today thank them! #rememberourvets. @borntobegop @danscavino trump will only increase his lead after the terror attacks. america believes trump will get rid of isis! .@washingtonpost is going out of its way to tell failing candidates how to beat donald trump.the post doesnt get that im good at winning! i am greatly honored by the results of the cnn poll in iowa. in the end i believe the final results will be even better than that! i am especially grateful for the tremendous support i have received from the evangelicals in the just out iowa cnn poll. thank you! thank you iowa! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain #fitn. just put out a very important policy statement on the extraordinary influx of hatred & danger coming into our country. we must be vigilant! statement on preventing muslim immigration:. on my way to charleston mount pleasant south carolina. big crowd. look forward to it! #ussyorktown. the main stream media wants to surrender constitutional rights -- i believe #isis needs to surrender! just released @cnn poll gives me a big 13 point lead in iowa. change your false story failing @nytimes. thank you iowa! great video of tonights crowd reacting to my latest proposal in sc. #trump2016. @back2reason: @realdonaldtrump can t wait for president trump to put things in order in us. we desperately need patriot withfinallybrains. @truth or rumor: @realarthurspina @realdonaldtrump hey hillary america will feel much safer once you ve failed to get into office. @lexingtonbobby: @clewandowski today new iowa poll finds trump in the lead by double digits #trump16. @shellypayne4328: @wayneroot @realdonaldtrump amen! looking forward to a happy new year. it s been too long! #votetrump2016. @charlesmarino8: @3dot donaldtrump preach it brother! first election i ve been excited about in many many years. since reagan to be exact. @genemcgee6: @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity is so great towards you. just doesn t like people on his show to bad mouth you. he is great . @crinqc: rt @thehill: new iowa poll finds .@realdonaldtrump in the lead by double digits. @xgnraging: @realdonaldtrump i hope you become president! thank you for the support south carolina! #ussyorktown #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. just won iowa @cnn poll big: trump 33 cruz 20 rubio 11 but @wsj reported cruz momentum but nothing about the fact that i easily won! i wish the @wsj wall street journal had reported the just out @cnn iowa poll correctly. i lead by a wide margin13 points going up big! i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! a new poll indicates that 68 of my supporters would vote for me if i departed the gop & ran as an independent. a very big poll is coming out at 6 pm in new hampshire. will be very interested in the results. the legendary @barbarajwalters will be asking me questions about the presidential campaign on @wntonight at 6:30 pm. will be on @abc news tonight at 6:30. interviewed by the legendary @barbarajwalters! enjoy. great new poll from nh. thank you! we need to keep this country safe! #trump2016. prior to the end of the year i will be traveling to israel. i am very much looking forward to it. despite my great respect for king abdullah ii i will not be visiting jordan at this time. this is in response to the false @ap report. our country is facing a major threat from radical islamic terrorism. we better get very smart and very tough fast before it is too late! wow what a day. so many foolish people that refuse to acknowledge the tremendous danger and uncertainty of certain people coming into u.s. great poll numbers just coming out of new hampshire. big lead for trump according to @cnn! @yitzyschwartz: @cnn anyone who hates on trump hates on america. we are a proud nation lacking a leader. choose trump to bring us. @usafordjtrump: @realdonaldtrump @cnn mr. trump you need to get some rest. we need you to stay healthy so that you can be our president! the failing @nytimes does not mention the new @cnn poll that has me leading iowa by a massive 13 points - i am at 33 . maggie haberman sad! the last person corrupt hillary clinton wants to run against is donald j. trump. i ll end up beating her in every state. new fox poll-trump! hillary clinton does not have the strength or stamina to be president. we need strong and super smart for our next leader - or trouble! @ray aub: @nytimes @cnn people forget the policies of leaders like @jebbush allowed 9 11 killers to immigrate drive & pilot planes. @ssheaver: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes @cnn wow! @mysteriousloser: @realdonaldtrump did you hear the mayor nutter of philadelphias comments towards you? ignorance yes he is a crude dope! i told you @time magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite they picked person who is ruining germany. rupert murdoch defends trump: complete refugee pause makes sense. i am signing copies of my book crippled america. makes a great holiday gift. order yours now! .@mayor nutter of philadelphia who is doing a terrible job should be ashamed for using such a disgusting word in referring to me.low life! thank you piers they don t know what they re getting into. thank you @jebbush- you finally get it! the police in london say im right. major article in daily mail. we cant wear uniform in our own cars. haim saban: hillary clintons top hollywood donor demands racial profiling of muslims. carter banned iranians from coming to u.s. during hostage crisis. i am interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00. then at 10:00 i am interviewed by @donlemon on @cnn. enjoy! thank you for all of your support south carolina! #trump2016. .@donlemon on @cnn at 10:00 p.m. .@secupp who can t believe that her candidate has bombed so badly is one of the dumber pundits on t.v. hard to watch zero talent! @cnn. why does @cnn bore their audience with people like @secupp a totally biased loser who doesn t have a clue. i hear she will soon be gone! great leaders listen to and support law enforcement officials. police discuss no-go areas:. thank you @oreillyfactor for your wonderful editorial as to why i should have been @time magazine s person of the year. you should run time! @michaelurso2: mr trump did you deny megyn kelly. what is her issue! i used to like her. can t stand her now. very little talent! @foxnews. @ajdx4sdesq: @cnn @donlemon @realdonaldtrump this is the best interview so far. honest well reasoned and without all the name calling. @mistergoldiloxx: @michaelurso2 @foxnews megyn clearly was out to make a bigger name for herself and struck first blow. #itisntabouther. @thecarczarspage: @teapartycat you re a funny guy! vote: @realdonaldtrump. great interview tonight @donlemon - very professionally done. @cnn. @quinnlisaq: @cnn @donlemon . the people do not care what politician said about trump . we still support him all the way. weak and totally conflicted people like @therickwilson shouldn t be allowed on television unless given an i.q. test. dumb as a rock! @cnn. @jimparkey: @realdonaldtrump @donlemon @cnn great interview! speaking calmly but carrying a heavy stick! thank you! .@megynkelly spent a big part of her show talking about other shows spending so much time on me. really weird she s being driven crazy! wow my poll numbers have just been announced and have gone through the roof! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends this morning at 7:30. so much to talk about! our visa system is broken like so much else in our country. we better get it fixed really fast. make america great again! i have decided to postpone my trip to israel and to schedule my meeting with @netanyahu at a later date after i become president of the u.s. the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive muslim problem. everybody is wise to what is happening very sad! be honest. thank you to respected columnist katie hopkins of daily for her powerful writing on the u.k. s muslim problems. the politicians of the u.k. should watch katie hopkins of daily on @foxnews. many people in the u.k. agree with me! i am signing copies of my book crippled america. order yours now--makes a great holiday gift! thank you for your support! being #politicallycorrect will not #makeamericagreatagain! dummy @karlrove continues to make and write false statements. he still thinks romney won--he should get a life! establishment flunky @karlrove is going crazy with the just released cbs poll that has me way ahead. new fox poll has me beating hillary. why franklin graham says donald trump is right about stopping muslim immigration. an honor to be endorsed by the new england police benevolent association. thank you! thank you to @franklin graham. i have always appreciated your courage but now more so than ever! in britain more muslims join isis than join the british army. respected morning consult poll just out. i lead all republicans and beat hillary head to head by a wide margin- 45 to 40! @edwards cristy: @realdonaldtrump i hope that you will be the next potus. @foxnews: @frankluntz: time for the republican establishment to accept the fact that trump is not only a viable candidate but lead is real. @foxnewsinsider: .@frankluntz explains why @realdonaldtrump has plenty of staying power @seanhannity #hannity. .@bernardgoldberg was not good tonight on @oreillyfactor. he just doesn t know about winning! but he is a nice guy. great evening last night in new hampshire. got the endorsement from the new england police union - big territory great people! thank you. .@morning joe is so off on iowa which i am leading big in new @cnn poll. i will win iowa. also i beat hillary easily! looks like @tedcruz is getting ready to attack. i am leading by so much he must. i hope so he will fall like all others. will be easy! .@tedcruz should not make statements behind closed doors to his bosses he should bring them out into the open - more fun that way! .@morning joe just went off the rails. i will beat hillary easily - she does not want to run against me. i am tuning them out waste of time. .@chucktodd is a nice guy but just hopeless. he knows so little about politics and in particular winning! i fixed his rating problem. our spectacular ballroom under construction at the great turnberry resort in scotland. great news in georgia! the just out landmark poll shows me in first with 43 ! wow. never get good # s from failing des moines register bloomberg. i think something s going on w them. up 13 in ia according to respected cnn. tom ridge should be focused on trying to bring the party together rather than ripping it apart w your faulty thought process. i will win! tom ridge is a failed bushy & pa governor. him & his friend @karlrove shouldn t be allowed to do their bias commentary- nobody listens! i will not let you down! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you! we are at 35 in new reuters poll with #2 coming in at 12 . time to #makeamericagreatagain!#trump2016. thank you @seanhannity & @bodiet! #makeamericagreatagain. dopey prince @alwaleed talal wants to control our u.s. politicians with daddys money. cant do it when i get elected. #trump2016. .@monicacrowley you were great with @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight. thank you for your kind words. we will keep americans safe. i had a great time in des moines iowa tonight! thank you for all of the support. #trump2016. just got back from iowa great people! @comatosejeb: i will follow @realdonaldtrump all the way to #victory #makeamericagreatagain. @theblaze: donald trump unleashes verbal assault on nice guy ted cruz:. @keeblerqueen: @realdonaldtrump good lord ... donald.. your following went up so much lately ... crazy love for you and what you stand for! @jenniferjjacobs: trump says he was establishment. i backed mccain he lost. i backed romney he lost. this time i m doing it myself. @jenniferjjacobs: iowa s rnc committeewoman tamara scott praises trump and asks why the rnc would not be thrilled with his candidacy. @jenniferjjacobs: trump: protect the 2nd amendment...and by the way were going to be saying merry christmas again. iowa crowd loves it. .@loudobbsnews did a fantastic interview with syndicated columnist michelle malkin. congrats to both! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:00 a.m. so much to talk about! thank you! #trump2016. .@franklin graham so many people have tweeted about your amazing words to me thank you! heading to big crowd in south carolina! getting the support of @danawhite of ufc means a lot. a total winner who has done an amazing job. just ordered his fight to watch tonight! john podesta says nominee will be cruz b c last person hillary wants to face is trump! use your head folks! 46-41! reports say #isis now has a passport machine to have its believers infiltrate our country. i told you so. a great afternoon. thank you south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you general. #trump2016. new cnn iowa poll --- trump 33 cruz 20. everyone else way down! don t trust des moines register poll- biased towards trump! i will be on cnn s - state of the union tomorrow morning at 9ame. i will be interviewed on @jaketapper @cnn at 9:00 a.m. and fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10:o0 a.m. cnn iowa poll -13 point lead! @ofccadjust: @realdonaldtrump @jaketapper @cnn dvr set! @latinos4trump16: @realdonaldtrump @jaketapper @cnn i ll be watching. @evewicked: @realdonaldtrump @jaketapper @cnn love you trump! please #makeamericagreatagain. @loripatriot: son don jr. on fox says sr. more concerned about the safety of americans than offending people. something must be done with dopey @karlrove - he is pushing republicans down the same old path of defeat. don t fall for it karl is a loser. @michael2014abc: @alwaleed talal @realdonaldtrump has your country saudi arabia taken any of the syrian refugees? if not why not? .@peggynoonannyc interesting article but i will beat hillary easily. people that have given up on the system will come out to vote for me! .@peggynoonannyc an election between hillary and myself will be the biggest voter turnout in u.s. history. just like the debates 24 m vs 2m. .@cnn @jaketapper at 9:00 a.m. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. chris wallace @fox at 10:00 a.m. @mikepetrella17: @peggynoonannyc i agree with trump. record turnouts . there s a lot of potential voters that trump is tapping into. @khoges34: #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. @straighthand: @realdonaldtrump i d pay to watch that - the donald vs hillary get ready! @rosemarylowe105: @shahkourosh @spacemanchris @realdonaldtrump that is why we don t need a politician to be the next president. @jpmorgan2016: @realdonaldtrump @peggynoonannyc trump is winning by so much more it s near 60 nationally. they are all biased polls!!!! @yoel ny: @realdonaldtrump @peggynoonannyc as a democrat i have to say since hillary is the front-runner i will choose trump. @dragonian3333: @danscavino @seanhannity cruz doesn t do anything about illegals and refugees invading texas. people that have read it tell me that @karlrove book is terrible and boring . save your money! @foxnews should can him no credibility! .@danawhite great job last night - very exciting! you have come a long way from those difficult early days i am proud of you. @berniesanders: abc news spent 81 minutes on donald trump and only 20 seconds on our campaign. that s because @abc is smart! a very good nbc wall street journal poll was just released wherein i went up from last month and am in the lead. nice! many think that the championship course at turnberry home of the duel in the sun will be the worlds best after the renovation. @vylvisaker: @anncoulter trump has stamina he is working harder than any other candidate. he really loves america . he deserves to win. @schnoepoe: @foxnews i find myself more and more drawn to cnn for fairness regarding @realdonaldtrump the fox news sunday pundits a joke! @theprodigy3d: everyone vote for @realdonaldtrump and no he did not pay me for this endorsement. i did interview with chris wallace of @foxnews in order to be fair. he then puts on rove lane and will three trump bashers to discuss. i was disappointed that ted cruz would speak behind my back get caught and then deny it. well welcome to the wonderful world of politics! @energy43: @schnoepoe @foxnews not so much fairness as it is about ratings . megan kellys hate nightly of trump is turn-off for fox. @1rdgreenberg: @foxnews that s why after your interview i couldn t watch the panel discussion which is usually my favorite segment. @jpmorgan2016: trump needs his own poll a real poll in every state. these polls are so ridiculous.the media will only get worse from here. @trumpisawinner: .you re the real deal. for my money tedcruz just doesn t cut the mustard. go trump! #donaldtrump #thedonald. @lesgartcpa: @jaketapper @realdonaldtrump problem is i never watched you until trump started giving you interviews and ratings on cnn. @ajodom60: @foxnews and as far as that low-info voter base goes i have an iq of 132. so much for that theory. #makeamericagreatagain. people have got to stop working to be so politically correct and focus all of their energy on finding solutions to very complex problems! @barbara nc: trump did not need 2acquire wealth & power owes nothing to anyone. candidates owe their backers. @suzost: ufc president dana white endorses donald trump video via @dailycaller love this from a real winner! why doesn t @foxnews quote the new iowa @cnn poll where i have a 33 to 20 lead over ted cruz and all others. think about it! exclusive: newt gingrich: the country is in rebellion trump can kick down the doors. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. record of health: #trump2016. another great accolade for @trumpgolf. highly respected golf odyssey- awarded @trumpdoral blue monster with best redesign. thank you! thank you @wayneallynroot.very nice! #trump2016. .@patrickbuchanan was great on @teamcavuto @foxnews. thank you pat! #tump2016. .@scottienhughes - you were fantastic on cnn. thank you for the nice words. see you at the #gopdebate. can t believe major league baseball just rejected @peterose 14 for the hall of fame. he s paid the price. so ridiculous - let him in! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you @hardball chris for your nice words. they are very much appreciated. i fully understand that you really get it. thank you @carlhigbie. great work on @cnn. #trump2016. why doesn t @cnn use the #cnn iowa poll? @andersoncooper @andydean2014. @oreillyfactor horrible defense of me against highly overrated @krauthammer. i will bring more people into the party & easily beat hillary! what an evening in las vegas nevada! thank you for your continued support. #trump2016. @carolin42539648: @realdonaldtrump oh my word what a crowd.. just breathtaking. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #donaldtrumpforpresident. @ladykellliberty: @anncoulter i m in pa near pburgh. dad will register to vote first time for trump. mom is changing from d to r! @piersmorgan: donald trump vs hillary clinton would be the greatest presidential battle in history. thank you for your support! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. wow i just had two very good iowa polls and a phenomenal just out national poll from @abc @washingtonpost - 38 . make america great again! isn t it amazing that @cnn paid a fortune for an iowa poll which shows me in first place over cruz by 13 33 to 20 - then doesn t use it. why isn t anyone using the @cnn iowa poll with me having a big lead. they only want to use the one negative poll 2nd place .dishonest press. .@megynkelly the most overrated anchor at @foxnews worked hard to explain away the new monmouth poll 41 to 14 or 27 pt lead. she said 15! .@megynkelly is very bad at math. she was totally unable to figure out the difference between me and cruz in the new monmouth poll 41to14. i wonder if @megynkelly and her flunkies have written their scripts yet about my debate performance tonight. no matter how well i do - bad! i am in trump international hotel las vegas getting ready and waiting for the debate tonight. look forward - hope i get treated fairly! between iraq war monger @krauthammer dummy @karlrove deadpan @georgezwill highly overrated @megynkelly among others @foxnews not fair! i won every debate so far according to all debate polls including @drudge report @time @slate and more. too bad dopey @megynkelly lies! . #joetheismann was great as a political analyst on @foxnews. he knows far more than football. thanks for the nice words joe! #theremembranceproject. .@conradmblack what an honor to read your piece. as one of the truly great intellects & my friend i won t forget! new ppp poll just released in iowa- up 6 points from last poll. leading w 28 ! don t worry - media won t report it! highly respected public policy polling ppp just announced that i am number one in iowa. thank you! @surfphx: geez mr. trump they are coming for you even before the real debate. @wolfblitzer asks all negative trump questions! #trump. @billdaley1: @cnn @lindseygrahamsc @realdonaldtrump sour grapes graham. dont blame trump because you cant interest voters. @mrdeuce25: @cnn @lindseygrahamsc donaldtrump good were glad he doesn t represent what you stand for lindsey. you are weak and have no clue. @twlhb: @realdonaldtrump @governorpataki just called you this president !!! but i don t want his endorsement! @roberth25937464: @cnn @lindseygrahamsc @realdonaldtrump lindsey still doesn t hear americans! still at zero! it s like monty python. @janibetancoirt: @cnn @lindseygrahamsc @realdonaldtrump pataki needs a brain surgeon! @donaldtrumpfink: .@govmikehuckabee: if donald becomes president he will do a whole lot more to protect us than hillary will. #gopdebate. @conradmblack: many thanks donald and all good wishes in helping to clean up the american government. honored to be your friend. c. departing for #gopdebate. let s #makeamericagreatagain! #gopdebate #trump2016. we re not talking about religion we re talking about security. #gopdebate. thank you @frankluntz - for saying i was a winner tonight. it is my great honor. #trump2016. @insuradude: the fix is in donald did his best performance and @markhalperin @morning joe has jeb scoring higher? jeb looked in pain joke. thank you so many people have given me credit for winning the debate last night. all polls agree. it was fun and interesting! thank you @davidaxelrod for your nice words this morning on @cnn. it was a good night! .@markhalperin works so hard but just doesn t have a natural instinct for politics. others do and those are the people you want to follow! bill o reilly calls trump and campaign brilliant. in first place by 27 points. will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. will be talking about the debate and more! thank you for the nice words @ktmcfarland. the debate was interesting and fun. keep up the great work! jeb bush had a tough night at the debate. now he ll probably take some of his special interest money he is their puppet and buy ad s. @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor the only person in politics who shouldnt have term limits is president trump! cute! @2timeslucky: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor you were amazing ! @steelerdan619: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor your the man!! @chained111: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor yes sir. @endlessmike03: @realdonaldtrump @oreillyfactor omg awesome! what time zone!? hillary clinton is weak and ineffective - no strength no stamina. clear winner of the #gopdebate. thank you for your support! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. will be on @jimmykimmel tonight at 11:35pme on @abc. #kimmel #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. i will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00pme from mesa arizona - will be talking about the #gopdebate & more. .@glennbeck got fired like a dog by #fox. the blaze is failing and he wanted to have me on his show. i said no - because he is irrelevant. will be on @jimmykimmel in 20 minutes on @abc. #kimmel #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you! #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain i will be in cedar rapidsia this saturday. get your tickets-. there is no question who will handle the threat of terrorism best as #potus. #trump2016. #isis is making 400m year on oil. i have been saying it for years. we need to bomb the oil! new reuters poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. as i have been saying. only the beginning: isis suspects arrested in turkey 150 european passports seized. .@melindadc dont misrepresent in order to make a point. i was always tough on isis--as youll find out after i get elected. i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name & dont be ashamed of it! weak & ineffective @jebbush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. false advertising! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. .@jebbush has embarrassed himself & his family with his incompetent campaign for president. he should remain true to himself. the last thing our country needs is another bush! dumb as a rock! thank you for all of your support! most importantly - we need to get everyone out to vote! #votetrump2016. another new post-debate poll. thank you! #votetrump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @thehill: new poll: trump s massive lead grows in post-debate poll. @nepafortrump: we now live in a #crippledamerica but @realdonaldtrump will make the usa stronger than ever b4. @williamesammon1: #hillaryforprison2016. see sanders backed hillary on e-mails at the debate hurting himself and then she threw him under the bus but failed . disloyal person! president obama spends so much time speaking of the so-called carbon footprint and yet he flies all the way to hawaii on a massive old 747. thank you cedar rapids iowa!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you america! @foxnews post-debate poll with - from previous poll. #votetrump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. .@gstephanopoulos stupidly believes that hillary wants to run against me because she said so. she says that so people believe it - opposite! @ofccadjust: @kellyz713 @tedb75 @teresac85469500 @michaelcohen212 right same old political bullshit year after year #whyisupporttrump. @twister2445: @realdonaldtrump all i heard from the debate is a pathway to citizenship for all and taking our guns away. #tryme!! @therealryder: you are a blessing to america mr. trump. thank you for all you are doing! #votetrump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @domineeksmith: @realdonaldtrump is the best republican presidential candidate of all time. thank you. @autumnandews08: @realdonaldtrump @jonkarl hillary is so worried because she knows you will take her out! #trumprocksamerica. @constant4change: trump tops dem candidates on google before dem debate. @aniesiodaniels: #demdebate q: who are you voting for in 2016. a: #trump! donald trump! donald trump!. #trump2016. hillary clinton lied when she said that isis is using video of donald trump as a recruiting tool. this was fact checked by @foxnews: false. @blueeyd2020: @jebbush reminds me now of @bobbyjindal but no one cares jeb! you lost your chance. #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump. we need a #potus with great strength & stamina. hillary does not have that.#trump2016. .@jebbush was terrible on face the nation today. being at 2 and falling seems to have totally affected his confidence. a basket case! hillary clinton spokesperson admitted that their was no isis video of me. therefore hillary lied at the debate last night. sad! it was really strange when hillary was missing from the podium last night. not very presidential! my friend @ariemanuel of @img bought the miss universe pageants from me and they are on tonight on #fox! tune in! .@missuniverse final 3 on now. great people great new owner @img. watch. @themyamccurry: where s @realdonaldtrump when you need em? #missuniverse2015. great poll out of illinois! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. .@jebbush today said he didn t want to be the front-runner he would rather be where he is now 2 . that is the talk of a loser can t win! @drdoucette: #missuniverse donaldtrump must be overjoyed that as soon as he sells the pageant it goes off the rails. we need you mr trump. @msully65: tell this knitwit @speakerryan the ppl want @realdonaldtrump not him or his choice for president! thts why trump has 40. very sad what happened last night at the miss universe pageant. i sold it 6 months ago for a record price. this would never have happened! hillary said at debate isis is going to people showing videos in order to recruit more radical jihadistst. she made up story-want apology! i demand an apology from hillary clinton for the disgusting story she made up about me for purposes of the debate. there never was a video. hillary said with respect to isis we are finally where we need to be. do we want 4 more years of incompetent leadership? maga! just out: trump gop debate - 18000000. clinton democrat debate - 6700000. and they were on major network vs. cable! getting ready to go to the great state of michigan. big crowd tonight. make america great again! phyllis schlafly: trump is last hope for america. it s the democrats total weakness & incompetence that gave rise to isis -- not a tape of donald trump that was an admitted hillary lie! @drudge report: update: isis jihadists stole tens of thousands of blank passports... here we go! a suicide bomber has just killed u.s. troops in afghanistan. when will our leaders get tough and smart. we are being led to slaughter! thanks @andreatantaros for all of your kind words and thoughts. big progress is being made. keep up the great work! do you think that hillary clinton will apologize to me for the lie she told about the video of me being used by isis. there is no video. getting ready to leave for michigan - will be an amazing evening! see you there. @herschelwalker thanks for your support- it is very much appreciated! thank you grand rapids michigan! time to end political correctness & secure our homeland! thank you - new hampshire!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you - michigan!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you america! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. video from michigan last night. after asking for months the media panned their cameras! @trumpusa16: trump is the only leader with plan expertise passion to bring back jobs companies to usa #trump2016. @janienorris22: @realdonaldtrump got my autographed book yesterday can t wait to read it. you got them scared to death! love it. . great! @daveandlouanns: thank you sir for caring for the people of america. i was in newmarket nh. office. @philmonaco67: @realdonaldtrump 100 donald trump supporter go trump make america great again. @realnevadie: this suggests that online polls are more reliable so trump is crushing both parties. @realdonaldtrump. @ msfl : @realdonaldtrump @trumpusa16 a great patriot. weak and low energy @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster is now doing ads against me where he tries to look like a tough guy. .@jebbush just took millions of s in special interest money to look like a tough guy. will never work! will @jebbush in his phony advertising campaign show himself asking me to apologize to his wife in the debate? why doesn t @jebbush in his ads show my answer to his statement in the debate? .@jebbush s opening and closing in the debate were said by all to be terrible--fumbled around incoherent. @qbeacademy: well i m at 42 and your at 3 .you know jeb you started over here you keep on moving further and further off stage. classic. @schoremis1: @jebbush the donald should ve been named man of the year. he dominates the polls news talk shows & social media. maga! women defy media narrative love trump at packed michigan rally.video:. watching @cnn and consider @secupp to be one of the least talented people on television. boring and biased! jeb s big ad buy against me paid for by lobbyists shows my face but doesn t have me answering jeb s statements. he is really pathetic! once again #msm is dishonest. schlonged is not vulgar. when i said hillary got schlonged that meant beaten badly. npr s @nealconan said schlonged to wapo re: 1984 mondale ferraro campaign: that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls. #hypocrisy. for those on tv defending my use of the word schlonged bc #msm is giving it false meaning-tell them it means beaten badly. dishonest #msm. wow new reuters poll just out. big lead if you want to make america great again! trump 37 cruz 11 this is at the top of drudge! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. when i said that hillary clinton got schlonged by obama it meant got beaten badly. the media knows this. often used word in politics! it is a shame that the biased media is able to so incorrectly define a word for the public when they know that the definition is wrong. sad! we need a president with strength stamina heart and incredible deal making skill if our country is ever going to be able to prosper again! big news just out - new @cnn poll trump 39 and leads in every major category. likeability way up. cruz 18 carson 10 rubio 10. thank you america! together- we will #makeamericagreatagain! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the hillary clinton staged event yesterday was pathetic. be careful hillary as you play the war on women or women being degraded card. the silent majority- is silent no more! remember the importance of voting!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the @washingtonpost which is the lobbyist power for not imposing taxes on #amazon today did a nasty cartoon attacking @tedcruz kids. bad. .@foxnews treats me so badly. using old quinnipiac poll where i have a much smaller lead than the just out @cnn poll. all negative! why does @foxnews give @karlrove so much airtime. he and other fox pundits is so biased. still thinks romney won. unfair coverage of trump. it is hard to believe i am winning by so much when i am treated so badly by the media. new @cnn poll amazing in all categories. 21 pt. lead. hillary when you complain about a penchant for sexism who are you referring to. i have great respect for women. be careful! merry christmas & happy holidays!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. hillary said i really deplore the tone and inflammatory rhetoric of his campaign. i deplore the death and destruction she caused-stupidity. @ihatematt: @realdonaldtrump why is hillary even allowed to run... she s a criminal. good question! @ihatematt: @realdonaldtrump why is hillary even allowed to run... she s a criminal. a great christmas movie & perfect #tbt! #makeamericagreatagain story:. @classyexplorer: @gatewaypundit jim you fail to mention in your cnn poll that in the gop race...trump is leading cruz 39 to 18...big detail. poor @jebbush spent 50 million on his campaign i spent almost nothing. he s bottom and gone i m top by a lot . that s what u.s. needs! in the ridiculous @jebbush ad about me jeb is speaking to me during the debate but doesn t allow my answer which destroys him - so sad! wow even lowly rand paul has just past @jebbush in the new @cnn poll. jeb is at 3 i m at 39 . stop throwing your money down the drain! third rate reporters amy chozick and maggie haberman of the failing @nytimes are totally in the hillary circle of bias. think about bill! next year will be an interesting one. i look forward to running against hillary clinton a totally flawed candidate and beating her soundly. wow because of the pressure put on by me ice to launch large scale deportation raids. it s about time! why isn t @chucktodd using the much newer @cnn poll when discussing how well i am doing instead of the older q poll? cnn even better! .@meetthepress and @chucktodd very dishonest in not showing the new @cnn poll where i am at 39 21points higher than cruz. be honest chuck! i am now in palm beach florida and will be going to church tonight. make america great again! @yesmrgilbert: @nbcnightlynews @halliejackson should have talked to megyn kelly about this story true a total distortion of the facts! .@halliejackson why didn t you report hillary lying about the isis video. bad reporting. perhaps @nbc will do better next year-but doubt it! .@danielhalper great job on @cnn today. very wise indeed! merry christmas to all. have a great day and have a really amazing year. together we will make america great again! it will be done! .@deedeesorvino was great today on @foxnews she gets what is going on in politics and sees it very clearly. have her on more! does everyone see that the democrats and president obama are now because of me starting to deport people who are here illegally. politics! we have many problems in our house country! and we need to fix them before we let visitors come over and stay. make america great again! remember when failed candidate @jebbush said that illegals came across the border as an act of love? he s spent 59 million and is at 3 . our great veterans are being treated very badly because of corruption and incompetence at the v.a. that will stop i will fix this quickly! when will the democrats and hillary in particular say we must build a wall a great wall and mexico is going to pay for it? never! @classysnobbb: @realdonaldtrump @foxnews i m reading #crippledamerica! best book ever. thank you! @jacobsac2015: @foxnews thank you for your tweet today on christmas. can t wait to see you as president mr. trump. you are awesome. @jodil792: you know what s making my christmas great family food friends&you! i have my trump shirt on w hope in my heart for america. @deedeegop: thank u mr. trump i look forward to when u are elected next president of the united states #makeamericagreatagain. so nice! @cnn just announced that trump was #1 story of 2015. totally meaningless however if we don t win it all and make america great again! .@chucktodd is so dishonest in his reporting...and to think he was going off the air until i came along-no ratings. i will beat hillary! the same people that said i wouldn t run or that i wouldn t lead or do well 1st place and leading by 21 now say i won t beat hillary. the phoenix v.a. it has just been reported is in worse shape than ever before. the wait is horrendous and people are dying. i will fix it. criminal deportations in the u.s. are the lowest number in many years. we are letting criminals knowingly stay in our country. must change! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 story:. a new terror warning was issued for european cties. at what point do we say we have had enough and get really tough and smart. weak leaders! @greta: if the insurance companies are making lots of money and the # of uninsured is still largeobamacare is a failure since so expensive. hillary clinton has announced that she is letting her husband out to campaign but he s demonstrated a penchant for sexism so inappropriate! thank you! #trump2016. i will do far more for women than hillary and i will keep our country safe something which she will not be able to do-no strength stamina! @sir max: andreajmarkley: rubio finally gets an endorsement from #benghazi loser gowdy #tcot #pjnet via dailyne. @mitchellvii: face it trey gowdy failed miserably on benghazi. he allowed it to drag out and in the end let hillary get away with murder. @mitchellvii: my prediction on the trey gowdy endorsement of rubio is that it will do nothing for rubio and finish gowdy. @cac8438: he supports amnesty and now they are so desperate that trey gowdy is going to campaign with him. it begins republican party of virginia controlled by the rnc is working hard to disallow independent unaffiliated and new voters. bad! r.p.virginia has lost statewide 7 times in a row. will now not allow desperately needed new voters. suicidal mistake. rnc must act now! the voters the republican party of virginia are excluding will doom any chance of victory. the dems love it! be smart and win for a change! .@berniesanders-who blew his campaign when he gave hillary a pass on her e-mail crime said that i feel wages in america are too high. lie! straighten out the republican party of virginia before it is too late. stupid! rnc. hopefully the republican national committee can straighten out the total mess that is taking place in virginia s republican party. fast! @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump we need a real president to get things done and that s why we want you! thank you. if hillary thinks she can unleash her husband with his terrible record of women abuse while playing the women s card on me she s wrong! the middle-class has worked so hard are not getting the kind of jobs that they have long dreamed of - and no effective raise in years. bad. many of the great jobs that the people of our country want are long gone shipped to other countries. we now are part time sad! i will fix! wages in are country are too low good jobs are too few and people have lost faith in our leaders.we need smart and strong leadership now! strange but i see wacko bernie sanders allies coming over to me because i m lowering taxes while he will double & triple them a disaster! thank you to a #trump2016 supporter for this video of my campaign- over the past 6 months. video:. thank you! #trump2016. thank you- nashua new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #nhpolitics #fitn. @slone: flashback1986: @realdonaldtrump saved a georgia farm thank you nice memories! @sunquist007: @jebbush why do u keep trying to attack trump? really dumb strategy! u lose he wins! #lets make america great again!!!!! @ijnipgm: no casualties. just victory victory and more victory as you proclaim the truth that is in your heart. we love god and usa. @umakemeill: @foxnews @jebbush @hillaryclinton @realdonaldtrump. @leemiracle3: @foxnews @charleshurt @realdonaldtrump trump listening to voters unlike gop. remember that bill clinton was brought in to help hillary against obama in 2008. he was terrible failed badly and was called a racist! .@jessebwatters is terrific at hosting on @foxnews - he really gets it! minorities line up behind.....donald trump #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. my campaign for president is 35000000 under budget i have spent very little and am in 1st place .now i will spend big in iowa n.h. s.c. so i have spent almost nothing on my run for president and am in 1st place. jeb bush has spent 59 million & done. run country my way! looking forward to being in council bluffs iowa later today. despite weather rally is on -- will be fantastic! #makeamericagreatagain! we need a real president! i hope @tgowdysc does better for rubio than he did at the #benghazi hearings which were a total disaster for republicans & america! shows how dumb joe mcquaid @deucecrew of the dying union leader is to put out the letter i wrote saying why i didn t do his failed debate! the great people of new hampshire who i love are not properly served by the dying union leader newspaper. joe mcquaid @deucecrew of the dying union leader wanted ads lunches donations speeches from me and tweets---very unethical. thank you council bluffs iowa! the silent majority is silent no more!#trump2016 #fitn. .@charleshurt you were great on @seanhannity last night. thanks for the nice words. make america great again! iowa was fantastic last night amazing crowd and people. i m now in florida getting ready to go to south carolina. big crowd very exciting. @hashtag1usa: @realdonaldtrump what do you think of jeb cancelling his iowa rally last night ? i went he didn t! @videosigninc: @realdonaldtrump keep the momentum going mr. trump. all the best to you for the new year. make america great again ! thanks. @hammetjohn: donaldtrump - how do u do it donald. no one could keep up with u at your pace. shows how hard u will work for us as president. @bfb123456: @trumpiowa @playstrumpcard @realdonaldtrump wow! fantastic!. who knew americans were so smart? great to know we re so smart. @truthisall1: @realdonaldtrump @charleshurt @seanhannity good morning mr. trump. you re so awesome. #trump2016. the dying @unionleader newspaper in nh is in turmoil over my comments about them- like a bully that got knocked out! joe mcquaid @deucecrew is desperately trying to sell the @unionleader. it s a loser and my comments haven t helped him much. i never thought i d be saying this but i ve really enjoyed @richlowry on television lately and he was terrific hosting @seanhannity. thank you hilton head south carolina! @scteamtrump #trump2016. thank you hilton head south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i m going to be live with @ericbolling and @kimguilfoyle to ring in the new year 2016. everybody should tune in to @foxnews tomorrow night! great poll- thank you nevada!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. a lovely letter from the daughter of the late great john wayne. our country could use a john wayne right now. i predict that dying @unionleader newspaper which has been run into the ground by publisher stinky joe mcquaid will be dead in 2 years! a great day in south carolina. record crowd and fantastic enthusiasm. this is now a movement to make america great again! @bentleyfortrump: @realdonaldtrump all of america loves trump! #trumpornobody2016 #makeamericagreatagain thank you. .@jebbush has spent 63000000 and is at the bottom of the polls. i have spent almost nothing and am at the top. win! @hughhewitt. @trump2016donald: @realdonaldtrump @jebbush @hughhewitt patriots for trump! @luciano031982: @realdonaldtrump veterans love trump but i love the vets even more! @nikkisue69: @realdonaldtrump @jebbush @hughhewitt jeb is such a lightweight. @ddpick18: @realdonaldtrump @jebbush @hughhewitt i get pissed off every time i see his ads on fox. waste of money! go trump! many do! people ask why do you tweet and re-tweet to millions about @jebbush when he is so low in the polls? because of his big hit ads on me! @insidegym: the most influential u.s. gymnasts of all time: @nastialiukin @shawnjohnson @asaq 3 fantastic shawn. @bretbaier: .@realdonaldtrump s reaction that @lindseygrahamsc is dropping out of the 2016 race. your thoughts? @sensanders: i have a message for donald trump: no were not going to hate latinos were not going to hate muslims. i fully agree! @stylin1188: donald trump is running the most cost-effective presidential campaign in modern history thank you! @wmsolomon: on point with gov. sarah palin & donald trump. @deggow: just heard a 25 year old man say i would rather work for donald trump than bernie sanders it s time for me to leave this party. @whispers34: nevada poll: donald trump 33 ted cruz 20 marco rubio 11 ... via @thelastrefuge2 great news! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i would feel sorry for @jebbush and how badly he is doing with his campaign other than for the fact he took millions of s of hit ads on me. happy birthday to my son @donaldjtrumpjr! very proud of you! #tbt. thank you illinois! let s not forget to get family & friends- out to vote in 2016! do you believe that the state department on new year s eve just released more of hillary s e-mails. they just want it all to end. bad! i would like to wish everyone a happy and healthy new year. we must all work together to finally make america safe again and great again! i will be on @foxnews live with members of my family at 11:50 p.m. we will ring in the new year together! make america great again! happy new year & thank you! #happynewyearamerica! happy new year from #maralago! thank you to my great family for all of their support. @jallenaip: hillary said she was in a fog of war as explanation for the lies about benghazi. no fog allowed in wh. vote trump potus! @sprinklermanus: @cnn @realdonaldtrump they re spending millions but you re still going to win - go donald trump. well the year has officially begun. i have many stops planned and will be working very hard to win so that we can turn our country around! @marie7777777777: @realdonaldtrump we love u to trump family. god bless you. @jodil792: we are standing with you! spreading the word...trump for president 2016!! i wake & sleep praying for you & the usa! israel2. @memeoryhead: i m one of your biggest fans mr trump and i can t wait for you to make america great ifagain! never forget you have support! @casuperrunner: @georgehenryw huckabee is a good man...but he needs to get behind @realdonaldtrump i agree! i will be going to mississippi tomorrow night - hear the crowds are going to be massive! look forward to it. @codyraymille: i have never been interested in politics but because of you i want to get my political science degree. #trump2016 great! the person that hillary clinton least wants to run against is by far me. it will be the largest voter turnout ever - she will be swamped! thank you so much to for naming me the 2015 man of the year. this is indeed a great honor for me! #votetrump2016 & together we will #makeamericagreatagain! thank you for your support! massive crowds expected in mississippi tomorrow night. look forward to it! 2015 in photos:. .@jebbush is a sad case. a total embarrassment to both himself and his family he just announced he will continue to spend on trump hit ads! .@jebbush is a low energy stiff who should focus his special interest money on the many people ahead of him in the polls. has no chance! hillary clinton said that it is o.k. to ban muslims from israel by building a wall but not o.k. to do so in the u.s. we must be vigilant! hillary clinton doesn t have the strength or stamina to be president. jeb bush is a low energy individual but hillary is not much better! i hope bill clinton starts talking about women s issues so that voters can see what a hypocrite he is and how hillary abused those women! when i look at all of the money the special interests and lobbyists are giving to candidates beware - the candidates are mere puppets ! remember i am self-funding my campaign the only one in either party. i m not controlled by lobbyists or special interests-only the u.s.a.! heading to biloxi mississippi. massive crowds expected. thank you for your support! #votetrump2016. just arrived in mississippi for the rally. word is that the crowd is overflowing and massive. will be an amazing evening! @granite hope: @brandonstinney how can you deny this fact.hillaryclinton and barackobama are the two people who made #isis a big problem. thank you #biloxi #mississippi! remember this night & spread the word to get out & #votetrump2016! @namusca: @realdonaldtrump @erictrump @diamondandsilk #trump is much better than any rock concert! he knows how to fill a stadium. @mmmdigits: well done #biloxi....great display of southern pride and hospitality at @realdonaldtrump event. fired up and ready to go!! just returned from mississippi - a great evening. hillary clinton lied last week when she said isis made a d.t. video. the video that isis made was about her husband being a degenerate. al-shabbab not isis just made a video on me - they all will as front-runner & if i speak out against them which i must. hillary lied! hillary said that guns don t keep you safe. if she really believes that she should demand that her heavily armed bodyguards quickly disarm! thank you for your support in biloxi ms! let s all get out & vote in 2016 so we can #makeamericagreatagain! does anybody remember when bill clinton in 2008 worked long and hard for hillary? she lost! now bill is at it again. just watch. .@chucktodd said today on @meetthepress that attacking bill to get to hillary has never worked before. wrong - attacked him in 08 & won! .@ruthmarcus of the @washingtonpost was terrible today on face the nation.no focus poor level of concentration-but correct on hillary lying. @tinahillstrom1: @foxnews @katrinapierson i love @piersmorgan & @realdonaldtrump real men w an opinion exciting interesting controversial. @barbaraslavin1: @ruthmarcus @washingtonpost bashing distinguished women journalists won t win you votes she is 3rd rate a total dummy! iran with all of the money and all else given to them by obama has wanted a way to take over saudi arabia & their oil. they just found it! the worst thing hillary could do is have her husband campaign for her. just watch. by the way hillary & the msm forgot to mention that hillary is in the al-shabaab terror video. @icareeguns: this #iowan is voting for @realdonaldtrump #iacaucus. thank you for supporting iowa! my great honor. @rhettriley1234: trump only wins with our votes. we must grow trump nation and do our part. vote. this is our time. i look forward to being in lowell massachusetts today. i hear a very big crowd is expected--we will have lots of fun! woody johnson owner of the nyjets is @jebbushs finance chairman. if woody wouldve been w me he wouldve been in the playoffs at least! the rally in lowell massachusetts was amazing. 10000 people going wild. make america great again! @troyconway: now 2-more it firms going over seas? there is a huge difference between a global economy and greed! #makeamericagreatagain. @thecybermenace: @realdonaldtrump donald trump hit one out of the ballpark in lowell ma tonight. @samuelghaddad: wow! let s hear it for the factor. let the truth be known. more are beginning to realize @realdonaldtrump is the real deal! @mark98z: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump this was your best most energized one to date. and i have watched most of them ... well done. @djw11223: @realdonaldtrump the crowd was huge #makeamericagreatagain. @salriccobono: @realdonaldtrump @troyconway donald get big business back and# make america great again for 2016. @iloveidevices: @edwinro47796972 @happyjack225 @foxnews @krauthammer minimizing dependency on china is crucial.only trump talks about that. @ghosthunter lol: iowa key endorsement for @realdonaldtrump can t wait for the iowa caucus in 4 weeks! #trump2016. @marybnall01: @realdonaldtrump watched lowell mass speech. awesome. great crowd. make america great again!!!!!! @lilredfrmkokomo: @realdonaldtrump my facebook groups are all voting trump 4000 people! !! great! wow @unionleader circulation in nh has dropped from 75000 to around 10bad management. no wonder they begged me for ads. i dont know @samuelljackson to best of my knowledge haven t played golf w him & think he does too many tv commercialsboring. not a fan. @lucky5713 @newday what s wrong with showing morocco? nothing! it illustrates a point! duh! love the video! @longtalltexan20 @realdonaldtrump i love it when trump calls out msm for what they really are! cams starting to show crowds at rallies! i am in new hampshire. just received great news from reuters poll. thank you for your support! @pearl brendan: @dphilbs if @realdonaldtrump doesn t win i m leaving this country #trump4president. @trumpy17: @realdonaldtrump gave an awesome speech in claremont tonight!! @rubinsteinnel: @realdonaldtrump @pearl brendan @dphilbs if trump doesn t win we may not be able to recuperate america. @boazziz: . @danscavino somewhere in that crowd am i. the gymnasium was electric the crowd unstoppable & @realdonaldtrump kingly. @dantegtmeyer: # isis reportedly murders spies calls #davidcameron slave of the #wh video are you welcome now. @kristopheryan11: @realdonaldtrump mr trump you were excellent on @seanhannity tonight thank you! @kacee50: @realdonaldtrump women make up the fastest growing market in gun sales. and hillary wants to take those rights away from women! @compresphyllis: @seanhannity @foxnews i am so glad u are for trump your program is my favorite. the don is by far the best. @arkaysdesign: @slone @realdonaldtrump have to get people of all ages out to vote for donald trump! @becker berta: @longtalltexan20 trump single handedly did what no other politician ever dared to do attacked the media for all their lies. germany is going through massive attacks to its people by the migrants allowed to enter the country. new years eve was a disaster. think! happy birthday to my son @erictrump! very proud of you! i dont cheat at golf but @samuelljackson cheatswith his game he has no choiceand stop doing commercials! dont like @samuelljacksons golf swing. not athletic. ive won many club championships. play him for charity! huge crowd expected tomorrow night! vt police say first come first serve. arrive early! i will be on @wolfblitzer for a @cnnsitroom interview today. please join us 5pm et. do you believe that @unionleader in nh was demanding ads? look at enclosed letter from them just received:. the failing @unionleader newspaper in n.h. just sent the trump organization a letter asking that we take ads. how stupid how desperate! .@macys was one of the worst performing stocks on the s&p last year plunging 46 . very disloyal company. another win for trump! boycott. it was a very wise move that ted cruz renounced his canadian citizenship 18 months ago. senator john mccain is certainly no friend of ted! i will be in beautiful burlington vermont tonight for a rally. will be great fun. make america great again! man shot inside paris police station. just announced that terror threat is at highest level. germany is a total mess-big crime. get smart! massive crowd in vt tonight. venue not big enough. officials say no to outside event and sound system. arrive early! .@sentedcruz ted--free legal advice on how to pre-empt the dems on citizen issue. go to court now & seek declaratory judgment--you will win! i have an idea for @jebbush whose campaign is a disaster. try using your last name and don t be ashamed of it! weak & ineffective @jebbush is doing ads where he shows his statement in the debate but not my response. false advertising! hillary and her friends! the @theview @abc once great when headed by @barbarajwalters is now in total freefall. whoopi goldberg is terrible. very sad! joy behar who was fired from her last show for lack of ratings is even worse on @theview. we love barbara! i m leaving now for burlington vermont. it will be wild! we could only get a small fraction of this 25k crowd in. the movement to make america great again is unbelievable! great time in burlington vermont. crowd was amazing. @hofmannken: donaldtrump wish i could attend one of your rallies none are close enough. make america great again for my kids.thank you. @liberatedcit: @jebbush key state florida poll: trump 32 beats #rubio-#bush combined. @pink sprnva: @pastormike7 @thehill i agree with you on this. @realdonaldtrump won t be good. he will be great! @rlbenney: @realdonaldtrump you did great and showed courage going to burlington. no other gop candidate would do what you did tonight! hank greenberg formerly of aig gave 10 million to the @jebbush campaign 3 months ago. he is not happy a total waste of money! not good news for jeb bush. on my way to south carolina. big crowd--- look forward to it! i hope all workers demand that their @teamsters reps endorse donald j. trump. nobody knows jobs like i do! dont let them sell you out! love seeing union & non-union members alike are defecting to trump. i will create jobs like no one else. their #dem leaders cant compete! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #foxnews poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. will be at venue in wonderful south carolina very soon. big traffic back-up tremendous crowd! will be wild. great even in sc tonight! fire marshall would not let everyone in-- 5000 turned away. thank you for coming! pat buchanan gave a fantastic interview this morning on @cnn - way to go pat way ahead of your time! south carolina rally last night was so unbelievably exciting and fun . i am now off to iowa for two big rallies - packed houses. love it! constitutional law expert #laurence tribe of harvard says wrong to say it natural born citizen is a settled matter-it isn t settled . thank you @thefix- chris cillizza. it is a true person of character that can change his opinion & do what is right. .@jonahnro watched on @seanhannity and appreciate your statements --- i have been waiting for them for a long time. thank you. thank you so much. earnest must have been a great person. 1 2 time magazine has me on the cover this week. david von drehle has written one of the best stories i have ever had. 2 2 david brilliantly tells it like it is -- the real deal! read it! i m protesting the @unionleader from having anything to do w abc debate. their unethical record doesn t give them the right to be involved! i will be interviewed by chris wallace on fox tomorrow morning. tune in! will be on meet the press with @chucktodd tomorrow morning. enjoy! i want to thank the people of iowa for an unbelievable day. the crowds were amazing. will be back tuesday! @redletter99: trump pummels his opponents - and the press sunherald @realdonaldtrump thank you! yesterday in iowa was amazing - two speeches in front of two great sold out crowds. they love that i am the only candidate self-funding! in the just out @foxnews poll i easily beat hillary clinton - and i havn t even focused on her yet. on our way: make america great again! heading now for reno nevada for a big rally. good poll numberd all over! remember get time magazine! i am on the cover. take it out in 4 years and read it again! just watch... i am pleased to announce that i had the union leader removed from the upcoming debate. if their highly unethical behavior including begging me for ads isnt questionable enough they have endorsed a candidate who cant win. this is really unfair and a conflict for all the other candidates. i said it should not be allowed and abc agreed. ul has lost all credibility under joe mcquaid w circulation dropping to record lows. they aren t worthy of representing the great people nh. union leader refuses to comment as to why they were kicked out of the abc news debate like a dog. for starters try getting a new publisher! thank you to our law enforcement officers! #lesm #trump2016. why does @thisweekabc w @gstephanopoulos allow a hater & racist like @tavissmiley to waste good airtime? @abc can do much better than him! congratulations to my friend @theslystallone on winning a #goldenglobe. a wonderful guy- who has created something special- well deserved! great job on fox this morning @katiepavlich. i am sending out for your book immediately. thank you very much! so professional of @abc news to throw out the failing @unionleader newspaper from their debate. paper won t survive highly unethical! just arrived in new hampshire. thank you to all of my supporters!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. congratulations to @jdickerson of face the nation on his highest ratings in 15 years. 4.6 million people watched my interview! thank you! .@ringlingbros is retiring their elephants-- the circus will never be the same. new iowa poll. thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. .@megynkelly recently said that she cant be wooed by trump. she is so average in every way who the hell wants to woo her! will be on @fallontonight with @jimmyfallon on @nbc at 11:35pme. enjoy! #trump2016. thank you michael harrison @talkersmagazine for your kind words - greatly appreciated! .@majorcbs major garrett of @cbsnews covers me very inaccurately. total agenda bad reporter! face the nation s interview of me was the highest rated show that they have had in 15 years. congratulations and wow! @cbsnews @jdickerson. don t forget to watch the tonight show with the wonderful @jimmyfallon at 11:30 p.m. you will not be disappointed! @nbc. fantastic job on @cnn tonight. @kayleighmcenany is a winner! @donlemon. @clewandowski : .@stuartpstevens --failed strategist who can t find clients criticizes winning #teamtrump. stop complaining & try winning. .@stuartpstevens horrible advise to mitt romney made victory an impossibility. don t blame mitt! now stevens can t get a job! the tonight show begins in 5 minutes. enjoy! thank you! #trump2016. on my way to cedar falls iowa now. will be great--i love the people of iowa! such a serious problem for ted & the gop. great doubt dems will sue! let s all work together to solve this problem. another new iowa poll just released. thank you! #iacaucus #fitn. new cbs poll. #trump2016. the iran deal is terrible. why didn t we get the uranium stockpile - it was sent to russia. #sotu. the #sotu speech is really boring slow lethargic - very hard to watch! just found out that @tedcruz is spending a fortune on iowa push polls negative to me. not nice but ok! new polls are great. the state of the union speech was one of the most boring rambling and non-substantive i have heard in a long time. new leadership fast! numerous polls have me beating hillary clinton. in a race with her voter turnout will be the highest in u.s. history-i get most new voters! iran toys with u.s. days before we pay them ridiculously billions of dollars. don t release money. we want our hostages back now! thank you for your support last night iowa! #votetrump #trump2016 #iacaucus #fitn #iapolitics. @johnkurkosky: @carolde @the lady colors @drjamescabot @tamidurling @aceofspadeshq this election is about americas future vote trump. sadly there is no way that ted cruz can continue running in the republican primary unless he can erase doubt on eligibility. dems will sue! my nomination would increase voter turnout. #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you! #votetrump. thank you iowa! highly respected @oann @gravismarketing poll just released. #votetrump #iowacaucus. thank you! #votetrump. .@erictrump- unbelievable job on #foxnews with @greta. that was better than i could do! #trump2016. why does @cnn & @andersoncooper waste airtime by putting failed campaign strategist stuart stevens - who lost big for romney - on the show? iran humiliated the united states with the capture of our 10 sailors. horrible pictures & images. we are weak. i will not forget! stuart stevens is a dumb guy who fails @ virtually everything he touches. romney campaignhis booketc. why does @andersoncooper put him on? united states looks more and more like a paper tiger. won t be that way if i win! .@thebrodyfile: trump s appeal to evangelicals is real #trump2016. @melindaross123: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump there isn t anything donald trump says that i don t agree with. go trump! @bonfiredesigns: standing with @realdonaldtrump as he defends our sailors and military and americans in the usa. do you think iran would have acted so tough if they were russian sailors? our country was humiliated. @wpjenna: thousands packed into the pensacola bay center to see donald trump tonight... a fantastic evening! @clewandowski : massive crowd in pensacola florida! unbelievable! thank you! #votetrump. @ameriflames: @realdonaldtrump @clewandowski no one wants a bush or a clinton they want a straight shooter like trump! @ bscarb: enjoyed watching @realdonaldtrump at his rally yesterday! i ve never seen the bay center that packed! wsj nbc poll: donald trump widens his lead in republican presidential race. #trump2016. jeb bush who did poorly last night in the debate and whose chances of winning are zero just got graham endorsement. graham quit at o. sen. lindsey graham embarrassed himself with his failed run for president and now further embarrasses himself with endorsement of bush. top searched candidate by state as seen in the #gopdebate media filing center. we will make america great again! jusr watched #harveypitt on @teamcavuto - he was great! @geraldorivera @sentedcruz got ass kicked by @realdonaldtrump last night-he offended every new yorker & has no answer to natural born issue. .@geraldorivera thank you geraldo for your nice words on @oreillyfactor tonight. you are a true champion! thank @ericbolling - great guy! just got back from iowa - had a great time with amazing people. will be back soon! .@oreillyfactor please explain to the very dumb and failing @glennbeck that i supported john mccain big league in 2008 not obama! .@frankluntz is a total clown. has zero credibility! @foxnews @megynkelly. more radical islam attacks today - it never ends! strengthen the borders we must be vigilant and smart. no more being politically correct. ted cruz was born in canada and was a canadian citizen until 15 months ago. lawsuits have just been filed with more to follow. i told you so. ted cruz said he didn t know that he was a canadian citizen. he also forgot to file his goldman sachs million loan papers.not believable. was there another loan that ted cruz forgot to file. goldman sachs owns him he will do anything they demand. not much of a reformer! the ted cruz wiseguy apology to the people of new york is a disgrace. remember his wife s employer and his lender is located there! oh no just reported that ted cruz didn t report another loan this one from citi. wow no wonder banks do so well in the u.s. senate. based on the fact that ted cruz was born in canada and is therefore a natural born canadian did he borrow unreported loans from c banks? ted cruz purposely and illegally did not list on his personal disclosure form personally guaranteed loans from banks. they own him! great new numbers. thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. ted is the ultimate hypocrite. says one thing for money does another for votes. if ted cruz is so opposed to gay marriage why did he accept money from people who espouse gay marriage? everybody that loves the people of new york and all they have been thru should get hypocrites like ted cruz out of politics! when will @tedcruz give all the new york based campaign contributions back to the special interests that control him. greatly dishonest of @tedcruz to file a financial disclosure form & not list his lending banks- then pretend he is going to clean up wall st. departing nh now- great morning with record crowd in portsmouth- in a snow storm! thank you! wow! ted cruz received 487k in campaign contributions 11m from a ny hedge fund mogul & 1m low int. loan from goldman sachs. hypocrite. is this the new york that ted cruz is talking about & demeaning? interesting read from peggy noonan. in iran deal we get 4 prisoners. they get 150 billion 7 most wanted and many off watch list. this will create great incentive for others! iran is going to buy 114 jetliners with a small part of the 150 billion we are giving them...but they won t buy from u.s. rather airbus! big announcement in ames iowa on tuesday! you will not want to miss this rally! #trump2016. far more killed than anticipated in radical islamic terror attack yesterday. get tough and smart u.s. or we won t have a country anymore! i am self-funding my campaign - putting up my own money not controlled. cruz is spending millions on ads paid for by his n.y. bosses. @pbralick: @benkissel great on @greggutfeld @greggutfeldshow @jonosuchinsky too thank you ben for your nice comments on debate! thank you @ivankatrump for the kind words. i am very proud of the role model you are for so many. nh & ia radio ad:. just a reminder that ted cruz supported liberal justice john roberts who gave us #obamacare. leaving for liberty university. i ll be speaking today in front of a record crowd. #trump2016. a great morning with everyone @libertyu! thank you! off to new hampshire now. #trump2016. we launched a new series of #trump2016 videos via facebook. a new topic everyday! watch:. i loved being at liberty university today! record setting crowd unbelievable people! thank you jerry and becki! ted cruz is falling in the polls. he is nervous. people are worried about his place of birth and his failure to report his loans from banks! i don t think ted cruz can even run for president until he can assure republican voters that being born in canada is not a problem. doubt! .@thebrodyfile exclusive: @realdonaldtrump says he will protect evangelicals better than @tedcruz #cbnnews #2016. .@thebrodyfile great job on @ac360. thank you for the very smart and kind words! wow new polls just out have trump up and cruz down - he is a nervous wreck! .@tedcruz conflicting stances on birthright citizenship 14th amendment gives #teamtrump credit. dope frank bruni said i called many people including karl rove losers-true! i never called my friend @howardstern a loser- hes a winner! really disgusting that the failing new york times allows dishonest writers to totally fabricate stories. on my way to iowa- just received new national poll numbers. thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. .@freejessejames- just read your complete statement. you are an amazing guy & i really appreciate your words & support. i will see you soon! thank you georgia! i appreciate all of your support. #trump2016. thank you for your strong testimony when welcoming me to liberty university yesterday- @jerryjrfalwell. in the just released sc poll i increased my lead by 4 points since last poll by same firm. up by 14! cruz dropped 3. a true honor to receive the endorsement of john wayne s daughter....read:. wow the highly respected governor of iowa just stated that ted cruz must be defeated. big shoker! people do not like ted. palins brand among evangelicals is as gold as the faucets in trump tower said ralph reed the chairman of the faith & freedom coalition. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #economy - video:. judge jeanine slams gop establishment:. i am greatly honored to receive sarah palin s endorsement tonight. video:. @ron fournier: president donald trump just getting used to it wow very nice! @nytimes: breaking news: sarah palin has endorsed donald trump in the gop primary - appeal to tea party loyalists. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016life changing experiencevideo:. great rally in iowa! such wonderful people. traveling now with @sarahpalinusa to tulsa- massive crowd expected! 15k in ok! had to turn away 5k but we are coming back soon to take care of them! so much love in the crowd! thanks! thank you florida! #trump2016. thank you new hampshire! #fitn#trump2016 #nhpolitics. bob dole warns of cataclysmic losses with ted cruz and says donald trump would do better via new york times:. new cnn wmur new hampshire poll just released. thank you! #fitn #trump2016. @anncoulter: trump destroyed hillary & sanders moved in. but he didn t destroy her trump did. so true! wacko @glennbeck is a sad answer to the @sarahpalinusa endorsement that cruz so desperately wanted. glenn is a failing crying lost soul! @neilturner : you re the only candidate we can trust other candidates are controlled by their donors! #votetrump. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016unifying the nationvideo:. @bigop1: @realdonaldtrump @sarahpalinusa. @americanaspie: @glennbeck @sarahpalinusa remember when glenn gave out gifts to illegal aliens at crossing the border? me too! so sad that @cnn and many others refused to show the massive crowd at the arena yesterday in oklahoma. dishonest reporting! sad sack @jebbush has just done another ad on me with special interest money saying i won t beat hillary - i will. but he can t beat me. low energy candidate @jebbush has wasted 80 million on his failed presidential campaign. millions spent on me. he should go home and relax! new day on cnn treats me very badly. @alisyncamerota is a disaster. not going to watch anymore. happy birthday to my friend the great @jacknicklaus - a totally special guy! thank you iowa! #trump2016. thank you! #trump2016. thank you new hampshire!#trump2016. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. why does @greta have a fired bushy like dummy john sununu on- spewing false info? i will beat hillary by a lot she wants no part of trump. thank you iowa! #fitn #iacaucus#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. national review is a failing publication that has lost it s way. it s circulation is way down w its influence being at an all time low. sad! very few people read the national review because it only knows how to criticize but not how to lead. the late great william f. buckley would be ashamed of what had happened to his prize the dying national review! ted cruz complains about my views on eminent domain but without it we wouldn t have roads highways airports schools or even pipelines. @realollietaylor: isn t it time we had a president? let goofy glen keep canada cruz who can t win. the american people have trump! @borntobegop: @realdonaldtrump no sleep for the #trumptrain! @neilturner : @realdonaldtrump with your help we can #makeamericagreatagain! #votetrump. #tedcruz eligibility to be president not settled law says cruz constitutional law professor #laurencetribe. @trublumajority: #laurencetribe calls cruz constitutional hypocrite on @wbur @pbsgwen @charlierose @jaketapper. highly respected constitutional law professor mary brigid mcmanamon has just stated ted cruz is not eligible to be president. big problem. @d: #marybrigidmcmanamon washington post: constitutionally speaking #cruz simply isnt eligible to be president. @cyberciety: #marybrigidmcmanamon clarified how #commonlaw is used to interpret meaning of #naturalborn #tedcruz. @miaminewtimes: poll: trump has more support in florida than rubio and bush combined. the failing @nro national review magazine has just been informed by the republican national committee that they cannot participate in debate. after spending 89 million @jebbush is at the bottom of the barrel in polls. he is ashamed to use the name bush in ads. low energy guy! @lisa milicaj: truth be told i never heard of the national review until they tried to declare war on you. no worries you got my vote! @whitegenocidetm: @realdonaldtrump poor jeb. i could ve sworn i saw him outside trump tower the other day! wow! this might be my highest # yet! thank you to my opposition- you are totally ineffective & have been for years! the dying @nro national review has totally given up the fight against barrack obama. they have been losing for years. i will beat hillary! new reuters poll! thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. national black republican association endorses donald j. trump #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. new national gop zogby poll#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. leaving nevada now for iowa. things are looking good - great new polls! wow! new national zogby poll just out:.trump 45. cruz 13. rubio 8. big numbers. just received the new fox poll.thank you america! #trump2016. the tax scam washington post does among the most inaccurate stories of all. really dishonest reporting. rush limbaugh is great tells it as he sees it---really honorable guy! thanks rush! #trump2016. ted cruz went down big in just released reuters poll - what s going on? is it goldman sachs citi loans or canada? just watched jeb s ad where he desperately needed mommy to help him. jeb --- mom can t help you with isis the chinese or with putin. .@brentbozell one of the national review lightweights came to my office begging for money like a dog. why doesn t he say that? the only reason irrelevant @glennbeck doesn t like me is i refused to do his failing show - asked many times. very few listeners - sad! cruz says i supported tarp which gave 25 million to goldman sachs the bank which loaned him the money he didn t disclose. puppet! cruz did not renounce his canadian citizenship as a us senator- only when he started to run for #potus. he could be canadian prime minister. is cruz honest? he is in bed w wall st. & is funded by goldman sachs citi low interest loans. no legal disclosure & never sold off assets. a wonderful article by a writer who truly gets it. i am for the people and the people are for me. #trump2016. @thesouthwasrite: @nro cancelling my subscription- you people are idiots. @realdonaldtrump will be our next president. #trump2016 #rnc. i am in iowa. will be making two speeches today. good luck to all of the great folks on the east coast. enjoy the beauty of the storm! @lukebrinker: one year from today. @noamscheiber: dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year but still outperforming wall street s investment in jeb. jeb wants common core. i will be the greatest job-producing president in american history. #trump2016 #votetrump. .@anncoulter has been amazing. we will win and establish strong borders we will build a wall and mexico will pay. we will be great again! i am in iowa watching all of these phony t.v. ads by the other candidates. all bull politicians are all talk and no action-it won t happen! ted cruz poll numbers are down big. because he was born in canada and was until recently a canadian citizen many believe he cannot run! heading to sioux county iowa where the crowd is amazing. dr. robert jeffress will make the introduction. make america great again! based on @megynkelly s conflict of interest and bias she should not be allowed to be a moderator of the next debate. failing @glennbeck lost all credibility. not only was he fired @ fox he would have voted for clinton over mccain. a wonderful story on iowa voters by @arappeport of the @nytimes. just left sioux center iowa. my speech was very well received. truly great people! packed house- overflow! for the great people of iowa find your #iacaucus location at so important to vote! #makeamericagreatagain. heading now to pella iowa. big crowd! remember trump is a big buyer of pella windows. see you soon! .@williebosshog such an honor to get your endorsement. you are a fantastic guy! it will not be forgotten. don and eric say hello! i will be on fox with the great @judgejeanine tonight at 9pm est! enjoy! #trump2016. just left a great event in pella. going to church tomorrow in muscatine iowa. serious doubt in illinois as to whether or not cruz can run for president. first of many challenges. word is that crying @glennbeck left the gop and doesn t have the right to vote in the republican primary. dumb as a rock. love making correct predictions. national review is over. @snoozinglion1: full speech: donald trump campaign rally in pella ia 1-23-16 via @youtube one of his best ever. @carolburnett3: @anncoulter i just love the way ann coulter remembers your acts of kindness donald trump....go trump we love you. @snoozinglion1: .@realdonaldtrump great comment after last rally @rightside on @youtube triumph with trump or lose with cruz. #excellent. @noamscheiber: dow down almost 2000 pts since start of year but still outperforming wall street s investment in jeb. @deacon6375: @realdonaldtrump i honestly believe you are the only one who can make #americagreatagain. i will be on @meetthepress this morning at various times across the u.s. @nbcnews enjoy! i will be on face the nation this morning at various times across the u.s. @cbsnews enjoy! i will make our military so big powerful & strong that no one will mess with us. #trump2016. new fox news pollthank you iowa! #trump2016 #iacaucus. fox news pollthank you new hampshire! #fitn#trump2016. @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump you said it best! #makeamericagreatagain. @neilturner : @realdonaldtrump it s time we take america back! no more puppet presidents! #votetrump so true! @m0ther0f2kids: @meetthepress @nbcnews @clewandowski everyone b smart! u know deep down trump is the only 1 able to best lead. @maryann1942: @realdonaldtrump @cbsnews ... you are like superman everywhere! but i m keeping up. great! @joenbc: from canada to goldman sachs to the kitchen sink trump has picked cruz apart for 2 weeks. @tuggers56: @pmgeezer hillary is so afraid of him. the gop is afraid of him. the american people embrace him! let s elect him donaldtrump. @knight276: @c4constitution trump right again #with cruz you lose! nobody supports canuck cruz #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @mrjuuon: #wearebernie will be overtaken by #wewanttrump. we are superior and have more supporters. #makeamericagreatagain #trump. @red77angelluis: @realdonaldtrump @neilturner @youtube let s get trump!! go trump!! usa!usa! @rketeltas: rubio isn t experienced enough to be commander in chief. rubio is a carbon copy of obama. we need a true leader vote trump. it s time for ted cruz to either settle his problem with the fact that he was born in canada and was a citizen of canada or get out of race. ipsos reuters pollthank you! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. i want to win for the people of this great country. the only people i will owe are the voters. #trump2016 video:. i will be on the situation room with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est on cnn. join us in iowa tomorrow! #iacaucus #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain 3:00pm: 7:30pm:. obama s deal vs. trump s deals-. find out where to #votetrump on caucus night in iowa on 2 1 16!#iacaucus #fitn #trump2016. i will be on morning s with maria on the fox business network tomorrow during the 7am and 8am et hours. i will be on @cnnsitroom with @wolfblitzer from 5-7pm est. on @cnn. ted cruz is a nervous wreck. he is making reckless charges not caring for the truth! his poll # s are way down! cruz going down fast in recent polls- dropping like a rock. lies never work! cruz lies are almost as bad as jeb s. these politicians will do anything to stay at the trough! leaving now for new hampshire. big crowd- looking forward to it! #fitn. phyllis schlaflys eagle forum: national review will be defunct in the next year. @realdonaldtrump & @hillaryclinton leading polls w one week until #iowacaucus ...more on the 2016 elections tonight on @foxbusiness 7pm. just landed in new hampshire. will be at the venue shortly. #fitn. thank you - farmington new hampshire! #fitn #trump2016. @jdenino1: @davidwohl @realdonaldtrump beck wanted to commit suicide after @ss surgery clearly is unbalanced! @kurtschlichter: my pal @davidwohl was just on megan kelly s show! he digs trump. thank you david you were great! @belizediver88: @cnnsitroom @cnn @megynkelly it will never happen. fox will drop kelly if it means no trump. nobody will watch w o trump. @jackburtonreflx: @jdenino1 @davidwohl @ss i listen to glenn beck and literally nothing he says makes any sense. same with the view. @crusade4honesty: @borntobegop @megynkelly megan can not contain her bias it s in every show fox owners saudi prince agnstt. @dittopost: @realdonaldtrump @crusade4honesty @borntobegop @megynkelly i believe in trump!!! @whitejacketpink: @mypresidentme @realdonaldtrump just google glenn beck bio. u can tell no education very poorly written. @sharp trident: a huge disappointment to see @megynkelly constantly attack donaldtrump. it has become almost unbearable to watch her show. i will be doing @gma @gstephanopoulos this morning at around 7:00. likewise i will be doing @morning joe at around 7:00. figure it out! @laurencristmann: @sharp trident @megynkelly it makes me not wanna watch debate because i know they are going to treat trump unfair. i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on @morningsmaria @foxbusiness at 7:30 a.m. enjoy. donald trump retains national lead in new abc news wapo poll with 37 :. @realdonaldtrump hits new heights in national poll at 41. @xxflame: .@bobvanderplaats idiot bob plaats on cnn is deluded! cruz s favorability ratings are 0 no one likes him. vote trump instead! @aynsfriend: @bobvanderplaats cruz is done @cnn @chriscuomo. @puttster71: @bobvanderplaats the next president isn t on ur stage. @realdonaldtrump is the next president. i will end common core. it s a disaster. #trump2016. why doesn t phony @bobvanderplaats tell his followers all the times he asked for him and his family to stay at my hotels-didn t like paying. for the great people of iowa find your #iacaucus location at - so important to vote! #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. great honor- rev. jerry falwell jr. of liberty university one of the most respected religious leaders in our nation has just endorsed me! .@bobvanderplaats begged me to do an event while asking organizers for 100000 for himselfa bad guy! should i do the #gopdebate? do you think @sentedcruz knows about @bobvanderplaats dealings? actually i doubt it! thank you! #trump2016#iacaucus finder:. minorities line up behind donald trump #trump2016. trump shows complete domination of facebook conversation. thank you america!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. pathetic attempt by @foxnews to try and build up ratings for the #gopdebate. without me they d have no ratings! cbs s face the nation - posts largest audience since 2001#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. i refuse to call megyn kelly a bimbo because that would not be politically correct. instead i will only call her a lightweight reporter! the statement put out yesterday by @foxnews was a disgrace to good broadcasting and journalism. who would ever say something so nasty & dumb. just got to listen to rush limbaugh - the guy is fantastic! even though i beat him in the first six debates especially the last one ted cruz wants to debate me again. can we do it in canada? i am self funding my campaign so i do not owe anything to lobbyists & special interests. i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. eastern . enjoy! it was the childishly written & taunting pr statement by fox that made me not do the debate more so than lightweight reporter @megynkelly. thank you- lexington south carolina!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. fox debate advertising rates falling like a rock! tune into my special event for the veterans at 9pm est! on greta 87 of the people said they would not watch the debate if i m not in it. wow- what an honor! #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:. @creta r: @realdonaldtrump looking forward to watching donald trump rally thursday night on cnn!! @splashpoint50: @realdonaldtrump our retrumplican trump support group of 9500 members say 97 will not watch the debate tonight! @gene70: @fireflyfury @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump and this is the bimbo that s asking presidential questions? @henryoray: @cnnpolitics @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump is fighting corruption. big donors took over cruz. no to donors. @davejager1: @creta r 9 pm channel 70 cnn i will be watching trump tonight. want to have a person in the white house that takes no bs. @haloonefortrump: @foxnews takes #yuge hit on advertising revenues by screwing with @realdonaldtrump rofl! @cjcboi: @drjamescabot @realdonaldtrump @danscavino @carolde @playstrumpcard checked your wallet lately mr ailes? @dukeofbc: @megynkelly debate cruz one on one. i would just tell him that you were to busy running for the president of usa not canada. @ hankrearden: i respected cruz ppl until this lie. we re just tired of it from your side. 1949z @steph93065 no! @plazzmatic: @realdonaldtrump @danpgabriel sounds like the advertisers want trump he knows what he is doing. @rick gobbi: @realdonaldtrump ...hold up a mirror so the network cameras show how big the crowd is. great idea! @michaelg4ny: new @nbcnews wsj poll shows @realdonaldtrump pulling ahead of @tedcruz in #iowa. great! wow two candidates called last night and said they want to go to my event tonight at drake university. @hollywoodjv: @realdonaldtrump mr. trump why does cruz hate canada so much. he should embrace his roots it s a great country so true! @laurencristmann: @realdonaldtrump why do they have so many debates this year?? also why is cruz still allowed to run he s not eligible. the debate tonight will be a total disaster - low ratings with advertisers and advertising rates dropping like a rock. i hate to see this. @chgardens1: @mitchellvii pathetic attempt to bribe @realdonaldtrump he can t be bought. @bradcross4: @drudge report @realdonaldtrump. @rkirchmeyer: so @megynkelly brings in #michaelmoore to add credibility in her fight with @realdonaldtrump? #foxnews #rogerailes. @gmoneyrainmaker: i hope @cnn has enough bandwidth tonight because not many will be watching @foxnews. watching trump tonight #gopdebate. what america needs: the case for trump great new book by the esteemed jeffrey lord @jeffjlpa1 available now. being politically correct takes too much time. we have too much to get done! #trump2016. #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:. it is my great honor to support our veterans with you! you can join me now. thank you! #trump4vets. tennessee gop poll 32.7 cruz 16.5 carson 6.6 rubio 5.3 christie 2.4 jeb 1.6. 20 most anticipated hotel openings of 2016: trump international hotel washington d.c. i hear that @sentedcruzs man robert mercer a good man is very angry because cruz lied to him about liquidating his teds holdings.? #trump2016 #iacaucus finder:. donald trump hands bill oreilly cable tv viewership win - @deadline-. watching biased charles @krauthammer a @foxnews flunky who didn t know that i won every debate in particular- the last one. check polls! an unbelievable night in iowa with our great veterans! we raised 6000000.00 while the politicians talked! #gopdebate. i will take care of the veterans who have served this country so bravely.#thankavet video:. thank you for the kind words tonight @omarosa. you were great! see you soon! #iacaucus 2 1 2016 6:30pm#makeamericagreatagain!iowa caucus finder: #gopdebate. thank you america! thank you for your support! good morning america! thank you for all of your support in the latest drudge poll! thank you for your interest & support during last nights #gopdebate! #iacaucus finder:. iowa was amazing last night. the event could not have worked out better. we raised 6000000 for our great vets. they were so happy & proud. getting ready to take off for nashua new hampshire. big crowd will be there soon. fun! great twitter poll- and i wasn t even there. thank you! #gopdebate. thank you!mitchell fox2 michigan poll finds trump holds 3-1 lead over closest gop opponents. trump 47 clinton 43. every american needs to say 2 simple words to every vet they meet: thank you! john wayne walding. thank you- nashua new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. join me tomorrow in dubuque iowa! #iacaucus #trump2016. thank you america! #trump2016via @drudge report. they say that if i participated in last nights fox debate they would have had 12 million more & would have broken the all time record. thank you for all of your support iowa!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016#iacaucus finder:. the new e-mail release is a disaster for hillary clinton. at a minimum how can someone with such bad judgement be our next president? the great state of nebraska can do much better than @bensasse as your senator. saw him on @greta - totally ineffective. wants paid for pols. .@bensasse looks more like a gym rat than a u.s. senator. how the hell did he ever get elected? @greta. amazing that ted cruz can t even get a senator like @bensasse who is easy to endorse him. not one senator is endorsing canada ted! .@foxnews is the only network that does not even mention my very successful event last night. 6000000 raised in one hour for our vets. .@oreillyfactor the people of iowa love the fact that i stuck up for my rights as i will do for the u.s. also got 6000000 for our vets! looking forward to a great weekend in iowa! #iacaucus #caucusfortrump tickets:. @classyexplorer: @oreillyfactor @drudge so bill if america was so longing to learn more about candidates why the 50 percent audience loss? @gigglemitz: @geraldorivera @foxnews damn fox is really acting like a baby today. i guess trump got under their skin - pretty biased! thank you to all of the incredible volunteers behind the scenes in iowa! #caucusfortrump. hillary clinton is a major national security risk. not presidential material! i will be in iowa all day and until tuesday morning. finally after all these years of watching stupidity we will make america great again! i want to thank evangelical christians for the warm embrace i ve received on the campaign trail. video:. #iacaucus #caucusfortrump#icaucused #ivoted. make america great again! #iacaucus #caucusfortrump. the cruz campaign issued a dishonest and deceptive get out the vote ad calling voters in violation. they are now under investigation. bad! .@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and dishonest guy. asked me for expensive hotel rooms free and more . i said pay and he endorsed cruz! .@bobvanderplaats asked me to do an event. the people holding the event called me to say he wanted 100000 for himself.phony @foxandfriends. .@bobvanderplaats is a total phony and con man. when i wouldn t give him free hotel rooms and much more he endorsed cruz. @foxandfriends. i will be going to church in iowa this morning with my wife melania. after church i will be making two speeches and touring the state! ted cruz is totally unelectable if he even gets to run born in canada . will loose big to hillary. polls show i beat hillary easily! win! ted cruz is in trouble for not reporting his bank borrowing in his very important financial disclosure form. very low interest loans scam! wow just saw an ad - cruz is lying on so many levels. there is nobody more against obamacare than me will repeal & replace. he lies! by not doing the failed poorly rated debate i was able to make the point of not allowing unfairness - while raising 6000000 for vets. if i would have done the last debate a record would have been set instead of the poor ratings recieved . also vets got 6000000. i am in iowa. will be interviewed on this week with @gstephanopoulos this morning. enjoy! i will be interviewed on face the nation with @jdickerson this morning. enjoy! it is time to take back our country- and make america great again!#caucusfortrump video:. so nice to get an endorsement from the founder and owner of pizza ranch in iowa! a great guy and great places! #caucusfortrump. watch @ivankatrump show you how easy it is to #caucusfortrump in iowa! #iacaucus video:. .@donaldjtrumpjr & his wife @mrsvanessatrump attended the #snowflakegardenbrunch- here w governor @terrybranstad. join us! #caucusfortrump11am waterloo: ceder rapids:. it all begins today - we will finally take our country back and make america great again! my experience in iowa was a great one. i started out with all of the experts saying i couldn t do well there and ended up in 2nd place. nice. because i was told i could not do well in iowa i spent very little there - a fraction of cruz & rubio. came in a strong second. great honor. the media has not covered my long-shot great finish in iowa fairly. brought in record voters and got second highest vote total in history! i will be talking about my wonderful experience in iowa and the simultaneous unfair treatment by the media-later in new hampshire. big crowd. i don t believe i have been given any credit by the voters for self-funding my campaign the only one. i will keep doing but not worth it! .@morning joe @mikebarnicle on @realdonaldtrump: he finished 2nd but he made the turn successfully like a pro. @lorewestphal @realdonaldtrump you must win the presidency in 2016 !!! @93101dianne @realdonaldtrump if you can do that well in iowa then i see you acing it in all other significant states. momentum is growing. @ellenespence @realdonaldtrump amazing job in iowa! cruz just barely won. @restorereality iowa is meaningless...keep pushing forward run the table in nh sc nv and super tuesday. america needs you! #trumptrain. @stephbewitching @realdonaldtrump all you haters need to realize trump got the second highest vote in history. and he s never held office! anybody who watched all of ted cruz s far too long rambling overly flamboyant speech last nite would say that was his howard dean moment! on my way to new hampshire- expecting a big and spirited crowd! #fitn #trump2016. great job on @donlemon tonight @kayleighmcenany @cherijacobus begged us for a job. we said no and she went hostile. a real dummy! @cnn. ted cruz didn t win iowa he stole it. that is why all of the polls were so wrong and why he got far more votes than anticipated. bad! during primetime of the iowa caucus cruz put out a release that @realbencarson was quitting the race and to caucus or vote for cruz. many people voted for cruz over carson because of this cruz fraud. also cruz sent out a voter violation certificate to thousands of voters. the voter violation certificate gave poor marks to the unsuspecting voter grade of f and told them to clear it up by voting for cruz. fraud. and finally cruz strongly told thousands of caucusgoers voters that trump was strongly in favor of obamacare and choice - a total lie! based on the fraud committed by senator ted cruz during the iowa caucus either a new election should take place or cruz results nullified. i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 p.m. enjoy! @foxnews. this was sent out from ted cruz- as iowans arrived at their caucus sites to vote. #cruzfraud. the state of iowa should disqualify ted cruz from the most recent election on the basis that he cheated- a total fraud! cruz just lied again- i am and have been totally against #obamacare- repeal and replace! dr. ben carson blasted ted cruz for deceit and dirty tricks and lies. thank you new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain #fitn. stop the assault on american values. stand w trump to #makeamericagreatagain!#votersspeak:. thank you to everyone in little rock arkansas tonight! a record crowd of 12k. #trump2016. sanders says he wants to run against me because he doesn t want to run against me. he would be so easy to beat! thank you @billoreilly & @karlrove. ted cruz should be immediately disqualified in iowa with each candidate moving up one notch. #icymi: @karlrove & @oreillyfactor discuss what ted cruz did to the great people of iowa- as they went to vote. .@oreillyfactor @karlrove- as per the show an even more serious cruz charge is the fraudulent voter violation certificate sent to everyone. this is the cruz voter violation certificate sent to everyone a misdemeanor at minimum. politicians are trying to chip away at the 2nd amendment. i wont let them take away our guns! #trump2016watch:. taking a helicopter to new hampshire boarding now. amazing activity planned. new umass poll very nice! i will be interviewed by anderson cooper at 8pm on @cnn from new hampshire. should be very interesting! watch @ac360 on now! @cnn. @rkswaney7: @cnn @realdonaldtrump i agree. great businessman. i like your tone tonight! keep it up & you ll have this democrats vote. join us monday february 8th @ the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! #fitn #nhpolitics #trump2016. big storm in new hampshire. moved my event to monday. will be there next four days. live free or die: a motto for the whole country to follow. #newhampshire #fitn #votetrumpnh. i very much look forward to tomorrows debate in new hampshireso many things to say so much at stake. it will be an incredible evening! such great support in new hampshire. so many people are working so hard to #makeamericagreatagain! heading to south carolina really big crowd! will be back in new hampshire tomorrow.#makeamericagreatagain. join me at clemson university on wednesday february 10th! #makeamericagreatagain. @maryann1942: @realdonaldtrump why vote for trump? unlike politicians all talk trumps talk materializes! he will make america great again. @dharmabum77: donald trump loves america! he loves americans! he loves our vets! #trumpsupporters @realdonaldtrump. really dumb @cherijacobus. begged my people for a job. turned her down twice and she went hostile. major loser zero credibility! 10000 people in south carolina unbelievable evening! will be in new hampshire tomorrow- love it. i told you so. our country totally lost control of illegal immigration even with criminals. it never ends! i said this was happening long ago- i will stop this immediately! border agent: we might as well abolish our immigration laws altogether. @ericnlin: @ac360 donaldtrump: no raise in 8 years home not worth what i paid for it healthcare is a joke obama is a liar. trump 2016. @autumnandews08: @realdonaldtrump trump will win the debate like he has won all the others! he is heads above the rest! #votetrump thanks! @ukcatwoman52: @ericnlin @ac360 all candidates liars. trump is the only one that speak the truth people need to hear what trump is saying. @billrey16929057: @seanhannity #hannity @realdonaldtrump is the only hope to #makeamericagreatagain. wow jeb bush whose campaign is a total disaster had to bring in mommy to take a slap at me. not nice! @lisabrossman: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @ac360 he is for america! security for america! jobs for america! there is no other leader! the new hampshire drug epidemic must stop. if elected potus- i will create borders & the drugs will stop pouring in. join me tomorrow in plymouth new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary. @enlighten2881: @ukcatwoman52 @ericnlin @ac360 how come rubio&cruz are going to turn america around but did nothing in the senate for usa? @big carsonrocks: america...stop being duped...wake up cruz & rubio establishment phonies. donaldtrump only truthful & not owned candidate. @paintonmyjeans: if i owned a big company that was failing i d hire donaldtrump to make it great again-rubio cruz wouldnt be considered. @realollietaylor: @paintonmy: ia caucus hasn t picked nominee in 16 years! cruz dirty tricks stole it. trump way ahead in primary states. i love new hampshire - will be an exciting evening! come join us at the verizon wireless center- manchester new hampshire on 2 8! register now:. @abcpolitics: .@realdonaldtrump led in @twitter conversation during the #gopdebate. @abcpolitics: .@realdonaldtrump dominating @google searches throughout #gplfers. @abc:donaldtrump: the police in this country have done an unbelievable job of keeping law and order. #gopdebate. @joenbc: cruz really seems out of his element in new hampshire. it is such a different battlefield then iowa and the south. @markhalperin: my debate report card: christie a- trump a- bush b kasich b cruz b carson c rubio d. full report cards here. @gop left me: @joenbc donald trump won that debate hands down christi beat up rubio. @joenbc: cokie roberts says donald trump had a really good night. @joenbc: latest umass tracking poll. nh gop trump 35 1 rubio 14 -1 cruz 13 -1 jeb 10 2 kasich 10 2. @joenbc: trump kasich jeb and christie all had good nights. @newtgingrich: trump hits it out of the park in describing effective deal making. @newtgingrich: trump shows courage in defending eminent domain as a necessity for construction of infrastructure. @piersmorgan: jeb bush was as ineffectual as ever. as always @david gergen calls it right: trump held them off. #gopdebate. @piersmorgan: trump won that debate. people can huff & puff all they like but he was the best candidate on the night. #gopdebate. @joenbc: trump just talked on msnbc like a man who knows he had a very good night. @joenbc: @jonkarl: this has been a great debate for donald trump. i will be on state of the union @cnn with @jaketapper at 9am. enjoy! i am on @foxandfriends now! tune in! i will be on meet the press with chuck todd on nbc this morning. enjoy! .@abcpolitics #gopdebate#makeamericagreatagain #fitn. great to meet everyone while having breakfast @chezvachon this morning! #fitn #votetrumpnh. we are going to have a big event at the verizon wireless arena in manchester new hampshire! 5k ! join us tomorrow:. thank you newt! thank you- plymouth new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary. i am in new hampshire having a great time! loved the #gopdebate last night! everybody enjoy the super bowl. #superbowlsunday #sb50. so far the super bowl is very boring - not nearly as exciting as politics - make america great again! my two wonderful sons don and eric will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 - now! enjoy. jeb bush has zero communication skills so he spent a fortune of special interest money on a super bowl ad. he is a weak candidate! thank you for your support at this mornings town hall- in salem new hampshire. #fitn #nhprimary. jeb bush is desperate - strongly in favor of #commoncore and very weak on illegal immigration. everybody is laughing at jeb bush-spent 100 million and is at bottom of pack. a pathetic figure! america needs strong leadership. politicians can talk but they dont get things done. video:. today s third stop- londonderry new hampshire! thank you!#fitn #votetrumpnh. now that bush has wasted 120 million of special interest money on his failed campaign he says he would end super pacs. sad! #votetrumpnh #nhprimary #fitn. thank you new hampshire! #fitn #nhprimary #votetrumpnh voting questions? thank you new hampshire! #fitn. remember @jebbush wants common core education from d.c. and is very weak on illegal immigration come as act of love . not a leader! i know the governors and jeb bush who has gone nasty with lies is by far the weakest of the lot. his family used private eminent domain! no-one has done more for people with disabilities than me. i have spent many millions of dollars to help out-and am happy to have done so! the polls are now showing that i am the best to win the general election. states that are never in play for repubs will be won by me. great! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:40. a.m. enjoy! make america great again! thank you for a great night at the verizon wireless arena- new hampshire! #votetrumpnh#makeamericagreatagain #fitn. a message to the great people of new hampshire on this important day! #votetrumpnh video:. you can find your polling locations at: #fitn #nhprimary #votetrumpnh. new hampshire vote today - make america great again! isis is making big threats today - no respect for u.s.a. or our leader - if i win it will be a very different storywith very fast results. we will immediately repeal and replace obamacare - and nobody can do that like me. we will save s and have much better healthcare! we will stop heroin and other drugs from coming into new hampshire from our open southern border. we will build a wall and have security. thank you new hampshire! departing with my amazing family now! #fitn #nhprimary. thank you to the people of new hampshire i love you! now off to south carolina. @markhalperin: my report card grades for the 2 new hampshire winners: donaldtrump a: v strong energy close. berniesanders b : went too long. dopey mort zuckerman owner of the worthless @nydailynews has a major inferiority complex. paper will close soon! worthless @nydailynews which dopey mort zuckerman is desperately trying to sell has no buyer! liabilities are massive! like the worthless @nydailynews looks like @politico will be going out of business. bad reporting- no money no cred! such a great experience in new hampshire - amazing people! will be leaving for a big event in south carolina today. so funny jeb bush called me a highly gifted politician and a great entertainer - i assume that is a compliment! big speech tonight in south carolina - 7:00 p.m. tremendous crowd! i was referring to the fact that jeb bush wants to keep common core. @haryder: which is it @realdonaldtrump ?are you planning on getting rid of common core or keeping it? get rid of it fast. thank you- clemson south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #scprimary. i have been consistent in my opposition to common core. get rid of common core--- keep education local! there are no buyers for the worthless @nydailynews but little mort zuckerman is frantically looking. it is bleeding red ink - a total loser! jeb bush spent more than 40000000 in new hampshire to come in 4 or 5 i spent 3000000 to come in 1st. big difference in capability! .@markhalperin showed a focus group on @morning joe me using a very bad word. i never said the word left an open blank. please apologize! remember it was the republican party with the help of conservatives that made so many promises to their base but didn t keep them! hi dt. he or she who hesitates is lost: make america great again! jeb failed as jeb! he gave up and enlisted mommy and his brother who got us into the quicksand of iraq . spent 120 million.weak-no chance! we are getting reports from many voters that the cruz people are back to doing very sleazy and dishonest pushpolls on me. we are watching! heading to baton rouge louisiana for a speech. expecting a very large crowd! see you soon. #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @truthinvest: @cnn @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump ted cruz is the definition of sleaze. just ask @realbencarson. cruz caught cold in lie after denial of push polls like lies w @realbencarson. how can he preach christian values? just landed in baton rouge louisiana. reports are out that lines are three quarters of a mile to get in. wow! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you- baton rouge louisiana! we will #makeamericagreatagain! #trump2016. weak jeb getting thrown out by management during speech. do you think he will be this tough on putin & others? lying cruz put out a statement trump & rubio are w obama on gay marriage. cruz is the worst liar crazy or very dishonest. perhaps all 3? how can ted cruz be an evangelical christian when he lies so much and is so dishonest? nevada! tomorrow is the deadline to register republican.visit: from @ivankatrump:. the failing @nydailynews destroyed by little morty zuckerman is preparing to close and save face by going online. it s dead! you must be registered republican by february 16th to vote trump in the florida primary. nothing conservative about the club for growth coming into my office and demanding a 1m contribution which naturally they did not get. after hearing the news that they would not be able to extort 1m from me they went hostile w a series of incorrect & ill-informed ads. lightweight @jebbush is spending a fortune of special interest against me in sc. false advertising- desperate and sad! if @tedcruz doesnt clean up his act stop cheating & doing negative ads i have standing to sue him for not being a natural born citizen. last time lightweight @jebbush tried to knock off @marcorubio he made a total fool of himself. if he doesn t do better this time he is out! @hillx123: @tedcruz you have just been put on notice @realdonaldtrump we stand with you... #makeamericagreatagain thankyou. @by @tedcruz good i want to see the court decide what i was always told natural born means - born on american soil. @copyover2001: @realdonaldtrump do americans really want a canadian-born president? first non native born in history? millions of s of false ads paid for by lobbyists-special interests of cheater @sentedcruz and sleepy @jebbush are now running in s.c. #makeamericagreatagain! i will end illegal immigration and protect our borders! we need to make america safe & great again! #trump2016. 11000 inside venue tonight in tampa! broke record set by elton john in 1988 w out musical instruments! another 5000 outside. will be back! when little morty zuckerman closes his failing @nydailynews will i at least be given some credit? will happen soon. word is that little morty zuckermans @nydailynews loses more than 50 million per year---can that be possible? just got back from tampa. it was an amazing evening with an even more amazing crowd - fantastic people! will be in south carolina tomorrow. i am the only one who can fix this. very sad. will not happen under my watch! #makeamericagreatagain. @jd4160: nice column by bill donahue head of catholic league. he s a blue collar new yorker and gets it. now an additional 600-700 jobs in america 2000 being eliminated for move to mexico- via hartford courant. the rnc which is probably not on my side just illegally put out a fundraising notice saying trump wants you to contribute to the rnc. totally unauthorized do not pay. i am self funding my campaign! notice has just been withdrawn. #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. a very big thank you to bill donohue head of the catholic league for the wonderful interview on @cnn and article in newsmax! great insight. @bonfiredesigns: @stelladean let s get united in america with @realdonaldtrump. @nellalda: @donaldjtrump45 @realdonaldtrump @reince they are all going crazy! we the people do not care at all! we are with trump!! @dj4k4000: @realdonaldtrump @cnn trump will be our next potus..every american will benefit positivey from this. @elvisfan1976: @nrsc stop sending me emails asking me to donate and get a free donaldtrump sticker. i support him and he s self funding! @grammies28: @realdonaldtrump was right! vote trump! bring our jobs back. i told you so only going to get worse. get on trump s list email from the rnc was not authorized. i am self funding my campaign! do not pay. email:. thank you south carolina! we will make america safe & great again! @wino911: #trump2016 we know better than to trust the rnc so cute! @brandonsawyer84: @realdonaldtrump will rule #southcarolinaprimary! @thtswhtkelsaid: i m fed up w dc playing 3 card monty w our tax s. it s time we the people play the trump card & take back our country. @amfree: #trump on #ford #carrier shipping #jobs to #mexico: im the only one who understands whats going on. love the people of south carolina - look very much forward to the debate tonight. the totally unexpected loss of supreme court justice antonin scalia is a massive setback for the conservative movement and our country! wow! honored to be chosen by the highly respected accurate washington & lee mock convention. i hope you are right - i will make you proud! nasty ted cruz is at it again- same dirty tricks he used w @realbencarson- saying i may not be on ballot & i hold liberal positions. lies! ted cruz is a cheater! he holds the bible high and then lies and misrepresents the facts! on the way to the #gopdebate with my wonderful wife @melaniatrump. lightweight @jebbush said tonight he didn t know his family used private eminent domain in texas- lie! #gopdebate. thank you! i miss my father. how can @jebbush beat hillary clinton- if he can t beat anyone else on the #gopdebate stage with 150m? i am the only one who can! all polls have me winning debate big- drudge time etc. dopey charles krauthammer still nasty. he has zero cred- totally dishonest! #makeamericagreatagain! hey @glennbeck- see how i beat your boy ted- in your own blaze poll? your endorsement means nothing! #gopdebate. #gopdebate #googletrends. @jeffpaine: @realdonaldtrump you crushed the debate! thank you! even though every poll time drudge etc. has me winning the debate by a lot @foxnews only puts negative people on. biased - a total joke! @autumnandews08: @realdonaldtrump @jebbush jeb is incompetent and will lose don t waste your energy on that cry baby! this shows what a complete & total liar ted cruz is- he said he wouldn t have nominated john roberts. really? i will be on face the nation with john dickerson on cbs this morning. enjoy! thank you for your support! together we will make america great again! loved the debate last night and almost everyone said i won but the rnc did a terrible job of ticket distrbution. all donors & special ints. tickets for future debates should be put out to the general public instead of being given to the lobbyists & special interests - the bosses! wow in the new cbs poll i went way up into the forties! thank you! ted cruz along with jeb bush pushed justice john roberts onto the supreme court. roberts could have killed obamacare twice but didn t! funny that jeb ! didn t want help from his family in his failed campaign and didn t even want to use his last name.then mommy now brother! jeb bush and ted cruz are not electable presidential candidates hillary would destroy them. ted may not be eligible to run - born in canada. i will be in south carolina all week. saturday is big big big! get out and vote - make america great again. now that george bush is campaigning for jeb ! is he fair game for questions about world trade center iraq war and eco collapse? careful! i d like to call jeb a liar but the truth is he has no clue & never revealed that he used eminent domain- when criticizing me! 1 2. jeb used eminent domain & took advantage of a disabled vet in the process. 2 2. jeb is a hypocrite! used massive private eminent domain --- just another clueless politician! response to the lies of senator cruz: #votetrumpsc. thank you for your continued support!#makeamericagreatagain. what a night! 10000 amazing supporters in greenville south carolina! thank you!vote on saturday! #votetrumpsc. new south carolina poll from ppp. thank you! #votetrumpsc. spent the full day at meetings and a major rally yesterday in south carolina. great people and spirit. today will be more of the same. new ppp poll just out - trump up big cruz rubio and bush down. the debate results even with a stacked rnc audience were wonderful! thank you! #makeamericagreatagain. just sat down for a great interview with @phussionwyff in greenville today. watch at 5pm. an amazing day in south carolina! #votetrumpsc. #teamtrump is thinking of captain andrew maitner. a true american hero. #maitnerstrong. thank you to the 2500 in north augusta south carolina. lines down the block! don t forget to vote on saturday! thank you south carolina! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. will be interviewed by @stephenathome tonight by phone- a late show first @cbs @colbertlateshow. enjoy! #colbert #lssc. explain to @brithume and @megynkelly who know nothing that i will beat hillary and win states and dem-indie votes that no other r can! .@brithume thinks that when republicans drop out of the race someone will pick up all of that vote. the fact is i will get much of it! @good2bqueen67: @brithume @megynkelly they re too lame to get it sir. when you win the election they ll get it. thank you @kayleighmcenany for your nice words - great knowledge and style! we are doing really well in south carolina. @cnn @donlemon. @debdew2: @brithume @megynkelly @diamondandsilk fox: trump haters r scared because they lose - trump is winning. why does @megynkelly devote so much time on her shows to me almost always negative? without me her ratings would tank. get a life megyn! @babo sirin: busted again: @tedcruz in hot water over possibly illegal fundraising #scprimary the guy is bad news. @chjluc91: @yomasterjon @richardtburnett scary how smoothly cruz looks into the camera and lies about trump cant be #potus! #trump2016. interesting how president obama so haltingly said i would never be president - this from perhaps the worst president in u.s. history! .@lindseygraham who had zero in his presidential run before dropping out in disgrace- saying the most horrible things about me on @foxnews. i will beat hillary easily but lindsey graham says i won t and yet he got zero against me- no cred! why does fox put him on? .@foxnews is so biased it is disgusting. they do not want trump to win. all negative! just out nevada poll shows jeb bush at 1 he should take his dumb mouthpiece @lindseygrahamsc and just go home. jeb bush just got contact lenses and got rid of the glasses. he wants to look cool but it s far too late. 1 in nevada! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you nevada! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you america! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. join us tomorrow in kiawah south carolina! #scprimary #votetrumpsc#trump2016. amazing that while i lead by big numbers in the new q and and usa today polls the the press only wants to report on the phony wsj nbc poll. the just out usa today national poll where i lead by big numbers shows that in a head to head matchup i beat both hillary and bernie. i love being in south carolina. we are leading big in all of the state polls - saturday is a big day. make america great again! new cbs national poll just out - massive lead for trump. the wall street journal nbc poll is a total joke. no wonder wsj is doing so badly! thank you america! #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you south carolina! together we will make america great again! #votetrumpsc. .@foxnews is changing their theme from fair and balanced to unfair and unbalanced. but dying @wsj is worse.their phony poll is a joke! i agree with marco rubio that ted cruz is a liar! response to the pope:. join us tomorrow night in charleston south carolina! #scprimary #trump2016. join us saturday night- for the south carolina primary watch party!#scprimary #trump2016. we will make america safe & great again! #trump2016 #votetrumpsc. tonight i will be on @foxnews with @seanhannity at 10pm and @cnn w @andersoncooper at 10:10pm. enjoy! #votetrumpsc #trump2016. @kathytravels777: @andersoncooper tonight on cnn @realdonaldtrump was great. loved the intimacy of conversation w the people. thank you south carolina! everyone get out and vote tomorrow! we will #makeamericagreatagain! a message from @ivankatrump! #scprimary #votetrumpsc #makeamericagreatagain video:. i was asked about healthcare by anderson cooper & have been consistent- i will repeal all of #obamacare including the mandate period. i was referring to a backstop for pre-existing conditions. i will eliminate the law in its entirety & replace it w something much better. i will replace it with private plans health savings accounts & allow purchasing across state lines. maximum choice & freedom for consumer. im self-funding and i am going to take care of the people not the special interests and insurance companies like the other candidates. remember cruz and bush gave us roberts who upheld #obamacare twice! i am the only one who will #makeamericagreatagain! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i have built so many great & complicated projects creating tens of thousands of jobs-video:. i use both iphone & samsung. if apple doesn t give info to authorities on the terrorists i ll only be using samsung until they give info. hopefully others will follow suit. our country needs & should demand security. it is time to get tough & be smart! boycott all apple products until such time as apple gives cellphone info to authorities regarding radical islamic terrorist couple from cal. just finished two major speeches in south carolina. big crowds great people. going for a third now! make america great again! @dnmiller2000: @realdonaldtrump i m a regan dem and believe in your message! god bless you and your campaign! @rwalkertennesse: #southcarolina if you want a job next january @vote for trump today. @realdonaldtrump will work for the people. lying #ted cruz just on election day came out with a sneak and sleazy robocall. he holds up the bible but in fact is a true lowlife pol! @metazip: @anncoulter @davidjmadeira thetrump phenomenon summed up: leadership fighter and winner. not a liar. @trumpnewmedia: get out & #votetrump if you don t #votetrump nothing will change it s that simple! #votetrump. @familyredsfans: @foxnews is really starting to campaign hard for marcorubio. #fairandbalancedmyass he is weak on illegal immigration! @resistyr: mr.trump...both cruz and rubio are ineligible to be potus! it s a slam dunk case!! check it! @trumpnewmedia: why does ted cruz lie so much? let s face it ted never created even 1 job his entire life! #watch:. @blackan: #scprimary @realdonaldtrump is the only one who will protect american interests. #makeamericagreatagain. @birgitolsen1: @realdonaldtrump @justice41ca @vote for trump everybody on twitter get out to vote for trump today in south carolina. @micah micahk: @realdonaldtrump @blackan @danscavino this veteran voted for trump in tx early voting! i am the only candidate in many years who is self-funding his campaign. lobbyists and interests totally control all other candidates! @joenbc: trump expressed concerns months after the iraq war began while 60 of americans still supported the war. @carolyn82471448: @waynedupreeshow @realdonaldtrump all aboard the trump train! i wonder if president obama would have attended the funeral of justice scalia if it were held in a mosque? very sad that he did not go! remember that marco rubio is very weak on illegal immigration. south carolina needs strength as illegals and syrians pour in. don t allow it. south carolina voters have the future of our country in their hands. vote now today and make america great again! @carrollkuykend2: this veteran just voted @realdonaldtrump in the sc primary let s make america great again! people pundits gave me no chance in south carolina. now it looks like a possible win. i would be happy with a one vote victory! hope. what a great night. thank you south carolina a special place with truly amazing people! love. @mikeliberation: this is the best reaction shot i ve ever seen lol #trump2016. thank you @sarahpalinusa for your amazing help and support. big win leaving now for atlanta and nevada.the people of south carolina got it! i will be live on all of the major morning talk shows. enjoy! the failing @wsj wall street journal should fire both its pollster and its editorial board. seldom has a paper been so wrong.totally biased! a quote was read from a parody account last night on msnbc re: jeb. thank you south carolina! thank you atlanta georgia! leaving for nevada now. lets make america safe and great again! a number of months ago i was not expected to win south carolinated cruz was and yet i won in a landslide - every group and category. win! @erictrump: nevada we are on our way! #votetrumpnv #trump2016 caucus locator:. i am in las vegas at the best hotel by far trump international. i will be working with my wonderful teams and volunteers to win nevada! the reason that ted cruz lost the evangelicals in s.c. is because he is a world class liar and evangelicals do not like liars! @gregusp61: you really rocked them hard in s.c. rubio and cruz were pummled. so glad jeb is gone! next no liar! @1sonny12: @ksmith233035 @mitchellvii floridians are upset because rubio did not do what he promised once he was elected! vote trump. i hear the rickets family who own the chicago cubs are secretly spending s against me. they better be careful they have a lot to hide! @scotmreed: no matter what liar sleazeball @rickwtyler says about @tedcruz in tennessee. we have early voting and @realdonaldtrump has won. @sandrar677582: @fltrumpteam florida starts early voting on march 5 extending to march 15. absentee ballots have been sent out! #trump2016. many people are now saying i won south carolina because of the last debate. i showed anger and the people of our country are very angry! thank you for your endorsement @paulteutulsr! #bikersfortrump #votetrumpnv video:. it is so important to audit the federal reserve and yet ted cruz missed the vote on the bill that would allow this to be done. wow ted cruz falsely suggested marco rubio mocked the bible and was just forced to fire his communications director. more dirty tricks! ted cruz has been playing an ad about me that is so ridiculously false - no basis in fact. take ad down ted. biggest liar in politics! ted cruz has now apologized to marco rubio and ben carson for fraud and dirty tricks. no wonder he has lost evangelical support! just saw the phony ad by cruz - totally false more dirty tricks. he got caught in so many lies - is this man crazy? ted cruz should be disqualified from his fraudulent win in iowa. weak rnc and republican leadership probably won t let this happen! sad. i will be on @seanhannity tonight- from las vegas nevada at 10pme. enjoy! #hannity #trump2016. thank you illinois! great news! #votetrumpil on 3 15!trump 28 cruz 15 rubio 14 kasich 13 bush 8 carson 6 simon poll siu. just watched the very incompetent mitt romney campaign strategist stuart stevens. now i know why mitt lost so badly. stevens is a clown! wow! thank you massachusetts! see you soon. #votetrumpma. great poll! thank you north carolina! #votetrumpnc on 3 15!trump 36 cruz 18 rubio 18 carson 10 kasich 7 via @surveyusa. thank you michigan! #votetrumpmitrump 35 kasich 17 cruz 12 rubio 12 carson 9 via: arg. thank you vermont! #votetrumpvt. great town hall tonight at 10:00 p.m. eastern conducted by @seanhannity on @foxnews. a big fat hit job on @oreillyfactor tonight. a total waste of time to watch boring and biased. @brithume said i would never run a dope! ted cruz said on @oreillyfactor that illegals sent out of country by my administration would come right back as citizens. another lie-crazy! join me live- now in las vegas nevada! we will make america safe & great again! #votetrumpnv #nevadacaucus. thank you las vegas nevada!#nevadacaucus #votetrumpnv. ted cruz only talks tough on immigration now because he did so badly in s.c. he is in favor of amnesty and weak on illegal immigration. wow was ted cruz disloyal to his very capable director of communication. he used him as a scape goat-fired like a dog! ted panicked. ted cruz does not have the right temperment to be president. look at the way he totally panicked in firing his director of comm. bad! ted cruz lifts the bible high into the air and then lies like a dog-over and over again! the evangelicals in s.c. figured him out & said no! @vogelsong1: @edrollins gets it. was just on @foxnews explaining how trump wins the general election. thank you ed! @jojo2foxy: trump is unstoppable....he is what common sense americans want whether republican independent or a reagan democrat. i am growing the republican party tremendously - just look at the numbers way up! democrats numbers are significantly down from years past. @stevenmeyers11: @vogelsong1 @edrollins @foxnews ed rollins is the only one of those people that understands process & gets it right. join us in sparks nevada today! #nevadacaucus #votetrumpnv. unlike the other republican candidates i will be in nevada all day and night - i won t be fleeing in and out. i love & invest in nevada! wow great ohio poll. shows me leading by 5 points beating k! great. just reported on @foxnews that many people who supported @jebbush are now supporting me. i knew that would happen pundits didn t! club for growth is the group that came to my office seeking 1 million dollars. i told them no and now they are doing negative ads. thank you sparks nevada!#votetrumpnv #nevadacaucus finder:. my wife melania will be on @morning joe tomorrow morning at 8:00. interviewed by @morningmika - enjoy! go vote from now to 8:30 p.m. nevada. i will be at various caucus sites. make america great again! exclusive interview w my wife @melaniatrump- tomorrow morning @ 8ame on @morning joe w @morningmika @msnbc. enjoy! make sure you get on the trump line and are not mislead by the cruz people. they are bad! be careful. thank you nevada! we will make america safe & great again! thank you nevada!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain@snapchat! username: realdonaldtrump. melania will be interviewed by @morningmika on @morning joe now 8:30 a.m. . enjoy! @melaniatrump did great on television this morning. poised smart and strong with a big heart - so much to offer. we are all proud of you! big defeat last night in nevada for ted cruz and marco rubio. @karlrove on @foxnews is working hard to belittle my victory. rove is sick! .@usatoday poll and @quinnipiacpoll say that i beat both hillary and bernie and i havn t even started on them yet! i am self funding my campaign & don t owe anybody anything! i only owe it to the american people! #trump2016watch:. i am in virginia @regentu presidential forum with dr. pat robertson- beginning now! watch here:. in all of television- the only one who said anything bad about last nights landslide victory-- was dopey @karlrove. he should be fired! make america great again! the polls show that i picked up many jeb bush supporters. that is how i got to 46 . when others drop out i will pick up more. sad but true. mitt romneywho totally blew an election that should have been won and whose tax returns made him look like a fool is now playing tough guy. @ward ii: oh great @mittromney is doing a @senatorreid on @realdonaldtrump like losing the presidency wasn t enough #trump2016 he s a fool. when mitt romney asked me for my endorsement last time around he was so awkward and goofy that we all should have known he could not win! why would texans vote for liar ted cruz when he was born in canada lived there for 4 years-and remained a canadian citizen until recently. when ted cruz quits the race and the field begins to clear i will get most of his votes - no problem! .@repchriscollins chris thank you so much for your wonderful endorsement. i will not let you down! @cnn. @ddpick18: @realdonaldtrump this texan will be voting trump march 1st. cruz is a fake texan! @gricecindy: that s why we are angry. the republican establishment will not support you. you are who the american people want! texas georgia & many more vote early! this is a movement!#trump2016 vote video:. ted cruz is lying again. polls are showing that i do beat hillary clinton head to head. check out poll snd q poll. @ahernandez85a: @realdonaldtrump mr tough guy romney should be backing trump like trump backed him last time #noloyalty. @hosiern: @foxnewspolitics a vote for @tedcruz or @marcorubio is a vote for corruption special interests and lobbyists. trump for potus! @ausbiz: @realdonaldtrump trump is so impressive and no other politician has his passion & energy to #makeamericagreatagain. @stevekwebb: @realdonaldtrump love it! @tedcruz is done. we need someone who is proven. @realdonaldtrump will make america great again. @conservativevin: @ahernandez85a romney should have been a tough guy with obama. he cowered and lost. badly! he s not relevant! @classyexplorer: @ahernandez85a romney is a pawn of the establishment and has no individual thought process. he is jealous of trump! @chatteringteef: @borntobegop @realdonaldtrump @mittromney hates to see trump s success when he was so pathetic. great new poll. thank you texas! #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain. mitt romney who was one of the dumbest and worst candidates in the history of republican politics is now pushing me on tax returns. dope! why doesnt @mittromney just endorse @marcorubio already.should have done it before nh or nevada where he had a little sway. too latenow! just for your info tax returns have 0 to do w someones net worth. i have already filed my financial statements w fec. they are great! signing a recent tax return- isn t this ridiculous? lets make america great again!schedule & tickets:. i m going to do what @mittromney was totally unable to do- win! join me in oklahoma tomorrow night!#makeyoutubegreatagain #trump2016. thank you illinois! #trump2016. early on ted cruz said that if he didn t win south carolina it s over. he didn t win- and lost to me in a landslide! fmr pres of mexico vicente fox horribly used the f word when discussing the wall. he must apologize! if i did that there would be a uproar! thank you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. failed presidential candidate @mittromney was made to look like a fool by senator harry reid & didn t release his tax returns until 9 21 12. thank you! we will make america great again! #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain! thank you! #gopdebate polls #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. all the online polls have me winning the debate. i really enjoyed the evening. not easy but good. big day in texas tomorrow! having a rally in fort worth. tremendous crowd. will be exciting! #trump2016. @morg25016893: @eventbrite also all the things rubio&cruz were using for hits just petty. trump clearly the only one w all the skills. @indies4trump: vote early in the #lonestarstate #supertuesday @realdonaldtrump will #makeamericagreatagain. @slytle24: @davidaxelrod @realdonaldtrump @cnn he won almost all polls and mark halperin gave him an a-. @restorereality: tonight you proved to america you are the real deal. you took fire from all sides stayed composed returned fire and won! @skylerdeckard: @realdonaldtrump that s because you ve never hired anyone to do work before favorite line from tonights debate. @tdltdltdltdl: marco cruz and ted rubio easy to get the two politicians confused looked like desperate panicked dc insiders tonight. @donell27743094: @realdonaldtrump trump won the debate. disgusting rubio said peed - is he still in junior high school. @mjp1370: @realdonaldtrump cruz talks about hillary all the time because he knows he can t beat you ! trump will win texas ! @waltseher: @realdonaldtrump @morg25016893 @eventbrite yup 200 polish immigrants were hired by his contractor not trump. i will be making a speech at 12:00 in fort worth texas. really big crowd expected. will be talking about the debate last night-plus plus! have a good chance to win texas on tuesday. cruz is a nasty guy not one senate endorsement and despite talk gets nothing done. loser! why would the people of florida vote for marco rubio when he defrauded them by agreeing to represent them as their senator and then quit! will be at fort worth texas convention center at 11:30 a.m. big crowd - get there early! big announcement to be made! lying ted cruz and lightweight choker marco rubio teamed up last night in a last ditch effort to stop our great movement. they failed! lightweight choker marco rubio looks like a little boy on stage. not presidential material! wow every poll said i won the debate last night. great honor! lightweight marco rubio was working hard last night. the problem is he is a choker and once a choker always a choker! mr. meltdown. they don t like rubio in florida- he left them high & dry. doesn t even show up for votes! thank you for your support & friendship- governor @chrischristie!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. never let them see you sweat! thank you texas! 10000 amazing supporters! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. what i would do on my first day in office. #makeamericagreatagainwatch:. @donnieboysmith: @realdonaldtrump in contrast to rubio and cruz you look like a giant. they look terribly weak thank you! @itsblakec: @realdonaldtrump trump is a genius. rubio and cruz are not. i want a brilliant mind to run this country. @jerryjrfalwell: a majority of evangelicals believe @realdonaldtrump is best equipped to save the country. #greta. thank you pastor robert jeffress! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @sassypantsjj: michigan gop poll 2 24 2016 trump 35.5 rubio 15.0 cruz 14.3 kasich 12.8 carson 8.3 @realdonaldtrump wow! i will be on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. will be talking about lightweight marco rubio and lying ted cruz! @neilturner : @realdonaldtrump there s only one real candidate and it s you! donors control the other candidates! #votetrump thank you. i unfairly get audited by the i.r.s. almost every single year. i have rich friends who never get audited. i wonder why? tax experts throughout the media agree that no sane person would give their tax returns during an audit. after the audit no problem! i am self-funding my campaign and am therefore not controlled by the lobbyists and special interests like lightweight rubio or ted cruz! fun to watch the democrats working so hard to win the great state of south carolina when i just won the republican version - amazing people! i only wish my wonderful father fred gave me 200 million to start my business like lightweight rubio says. he didn t - total fabrication! i started my business with very little and built it into a great company with some of the best real estate assets in the world. amazing! .#rogerstone was just banned by @cnn - their loss! tough loyal guy. just watched lightweight marco rubio lying to a small crowd about my past record. he is not as smart as cruz and may be an even bigger liar. it was an honor to be the grand marshall- in the salute to israel parade back in 2004. incredibly proud of my son @erictrump & his efforts on behalf of @stjude in memphis tn. thank you arkansas! get out & #votetrump on tuesday. we will make america safe & great again! we need to fix our broken education system! #stopcommoncore #makeamericagreatagain video:. @ronniememo: donaldtrump is a leader. he is a successful person that like me isnt afraid to tell it like it is. governor @chrischristie. @tiarardis: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump @judgejeanine go trump. @sprivitor @realdonaldtrump marco amnesty rubio is the front man of amnesty. #alwaystrump #trump2016 #trumptrain. @fairess369: it is a sad commentary little boy marco rubio can t win in his home state. floridians despise him as a opportunist phony. @jimmythesaint09: @realdonaldtrump @ronniememo @chrischristie anything is better than @marcorubio. @ilduce2016: it is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep. @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. @charleshodgson1: a lot more water after this bombshell rubio. you are an enemy of america. @realdonaldtrump. while i hear the koch brothers are in big financial trouble oil word is they have chosen little marco rubio the lightweight from florida. the republican establishment has been pushing for lightweight senator marco rubio to say anything to hit trump.i signed the pledge-careful. while hillary and i both won south carolina by big margins repubs got far more votes with a massive increase from past cycles.growing party. i am the only republican who will get large numbers of dems and indies crossover . i will also get states that no other republican can get. making a big speech in alabama today. so many people we had to move to a football stadium! come and join us! little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is set to be the puppet of the special interest koch brothers. watch! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. why would the people of texas support ted cruz when he has accomplished absolutely nothing for them. he is another all talk no action pol! as i stated at the press conference on friday regarding david duke- i disavow. mitt romney didn t show his tax return until september 21 2012 and then only after being humiliated by harry r! a bad messenger for estab! little marco rubio the lightweight no show senator from florida is just another washington politician. lightweight senator marco rubio is polling very poorly in florida. the people can t stand him for missing so many votes - poor work ethic! @emagabi23: rubio was kicking back on his 80k boat he bought with lobbyist money and claimed it was from book sale profit lol. little marco rubio is just another washington d.c. politician that is all talk and no action. #robotrubio. little marco rubio gave amnesty to criminal aliens guilty of sex offenses. disgrace! little marco rubio treated america s ice officers like absolute trash in order to pass obama s amnesty. phylis schlafly: marco rubio betrayed us all. i will be making a big surprise announcement to the massive crowd assembled in huntsville madison alabama! landing now! #trump2016. our law enforcement officers deserve our appreciation for the incredible job they do. video:. thank you alabama! 32000 supporters tonight. get out & vote on tuesday! we will make america great again! thank you @senatorsessions!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. my sons don and eric are on @foxandfriends now 7:35. great kids enjoy! thank you america! get out & vote tomorrow! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. join me in columbus ohio tomorrow!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. hillary could lose to trump in democratic new york #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i am self funding my campaign and only work for you the american people!#trump2016 video:. #trump2016 #trumpinstagram:. governor alejandro garca padilla said presidential hopeful sen. marco rubio is no friend of puerto rico. my wife @melaniatrump will be joining @andersoncooper @ac360 tonight at 8pme on @cnn. enjoy! thank you virginia! 15000 amazing supporters! everyone get out and #votetrump tomorrow! trump university has a 98 approval rating. i could have settled but won t out of principle! phony rubio commercial. i could have settled but won t out of principle! see student surveys. thank you brian france bill elliott @chaseelliott @davidragan & @ryanjnewman! #nascar #trump2016 #votetrump. great news- former mayor of dallas tom leppert has just endorsed me! thank you! tomorrow is a big day- vote! #votetrump #supertuesday. thank you georgia! 15000 amazing supporters tonight! everyone get out & #votetrump tomorrow! #supertuesday. got the endorsement of brian france and @nascar yesterday in georgia. also many of the sports great drivers. thank you nascar and georgia! the people of south carolina are embarrassed by nikki haley! thank you columbus ohio! make america great again! lets go america! get out & #votetrump! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain!#supertuesday. wow! thank you louisville kentucky! #votetrump on 3 5 2016! lets #makeamericagreatagain! thank you georgia!#supertuesday #trump2016. thank you massachusetts! #trump2016 #supertuesday. thank you tennessee! #trump2016#supertuesday. thank you alabama! #trump2016#supertuesday. thank you virginia! #trump2016#supertuesday. thank you arkansas! #trump2016#supertuesday. thank you vermont! #trump2016#supertuesday. @danpfeiffer: for the record most democrats would much rather face cruz than trump so true! @mikiebarb: a nearly impossible path to the gop nomination for rubio says @apalmerdc:. @norahodonnell: looks like rubio won t get any delegates from tx or al because he didn t meet 20 threshold. @joenbc: marco rubio just criticized ted cruz for underperforming tonight. wow. #supertuesday. @joenbc: fox calls virginia for trump. if it holds it s a big win for trump and a big setback for rubio who needed to win the state. the special interests and people who control our politicians puppets are spending 25 million on misleading and fraudulent t.v. ads on me. why would anyone in florida vote for lightweight senator marco rubio. check out his credit card scam his house sale & his no show voting! marco rubio lost big last night. i even beat him in virginia where he spent so much time and money. now his bosses are desperate and angry! @kinnardjan: @itsjoeco @realdonaldtrump i took trump university class and saved my home! my wife @melaniatrump will be #ontherecord w @greta tonight at 7pme on @foxnews. enjoy! why can t the leaders of the republican party see that i am bringing in new voters by the millions-we are creating a larger stronger party! @havbat22: @teamcavuto #kenlangone is 100 correct #neilcavuto. and u and the rest of u #fox muppets refuse to hear him. so true! .@cnn poll just hit 49 for trump. interesting how my numbers have gone so far up since lightweight marco rubio has turned nasty. love it! i am going to repeal and replace obamacare! read more about my positions on healthcare reform here:. failed presidential candidate mitt romney is having a news conference tomorrow to criticize me. 1 2. just another desperate move by the man who should have easily beaten barrack obama. 2 2. i would love to see the republican party and everyone get together- and unify.video:. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016video:. because of me the republican party has taken in millions of new voters a record. if they are not careful they will all leave. sad! @johnsmi01433966: the establishment doesn t like you because they can t control you and get you to lie to us and keep ripping us off. millions of dollars being spent on false tv ads by special interest groups who own rubio & cruz.when you see them think of your puppet pols. looks like two-time failed candidate mitt romney is going to be telling republicans how to get elected. not a good messenger! @malski1954: i changed parties to vote for you no one else measures up to you the gope needs a reality check. our country is at stake. failed candidate mitt romneywho ran one of the worst races in presidential historyis working with the establishment to bury a big r win! i have brought millions of people into the republican party while the dems are going down. establishment wants to kill this movement! why would the great people of florida vote for a guy who as a senator never even shows up to vote - worst record. marco rubio is a joke! i am the only one who can beat hillary clinton. i am not a mitt romney who doesn t know how to win. hillary wants no part of trump. why did mitt romney beg me for my endorsement four years ago? the phony lawsuit against trump u could have been easily settled by me but i want to go to court. 98 approval rating by students. easy win. @creativexwalk: @realdonaldtrump teaching the gop how to lose four years ago was not enough. now romney wants to do it again. @blt21muttrades: people are just mad that you re doing so good so they are gonna do they re best to stop you. not gonna happen #maga. go to trump doral in miami and watch the world golf championship! on now! will miss @realbencarson tonight at the #gopdebate. i hope all of ben s followers will join the #trumptrain. we will never forget. on my way to see the great people of maine. will be landing in portland in 2 hours. look forward to it! #trump2016. thank you portland maine!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. senator sessions will serve as the chairman of my national security advisory committee. rubio puts out ad that my pilot was a drug dealer- not true not my pilot! guy owned helicopter company- don t think i ever even used. the better business bureau report with an a rating for trump university. #gopdebate. my position on visas#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you america! #trump2016. @angiesteinberg: get that pos wsj liar fantasy pundit @marykissel off the air. blah blah. a real dummy! @morning joe @realdonaldtrump. @sirhatchporch: mary kissel is an snl character right? she s not a real person right? #morningjoe she is a major loser - no clue! thank you macomb county michigan! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. u.s. senator bob corker r-tenn. issued the following statement today regarding the 2016 presidential election:. #votetrumpks #trump2016march 5 2016 wichita kansas:. thank you cadillac michigan! #votetrumpmi on 3 8 2016. we will make america great again! join me in wichita kansas tomorrow morning! looking forward to it!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you new orleans louisiana!#makeamericagreatagain #votetrump. join me in wichita kansas tomorrow morning! looking forward to it!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i am in kansas. will be an exciting day. big speech this morning in wichita and then go to caucus. sorry cpac the format was fine! . great time last night in louisiana. big and energetic crowd. go out and vote now polls open. make america great again! for all of today s voters please remember that i am the only candidate that is self funding my campaign i am not bought and paid for! wow big lines in kansas. will be in orlando florida this afternoon. 25000 people expected. this is a movement like our great country has never seen before! why would anyone in kentucky listen to failed presidential candidate rand paul re: caucus. made a fool of himself 1 . ky his 2nd choice! to the people of kentucky rand paul didn t want you. now he runs back due to his presidential failure. #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain. thank you kansas! thousands of people inside- and thousands outside who couldn t get into the hall. really amazing! #caucusfortrump. getting ready to make my speech at #kansascaucus. a great honor! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #caucusfortrump #trump2016. thank you kansas! the line going into the orlando event is over a mile long. massive crowd expected. leaving kansas now be there soon! .@mittromney was a disaster candidate who had no guts and choked! romney is a total joke and everyone knows it! romney s failed advisors like campaign mgr stuart stevens are all over tv telling people how to win. but they lost- don t know how to win! i am watching two clown announcers on @foxnews as they try to build up failed presidential candidate #littlemarco. fox news is in the bag! i would love to be at the cadillac world golf championship @trumpdoral in miami- but even more so in orlando with the #trumptrain! thank you willie robertson! #votetrump #makeamericagreatagain. i will be at the cadillac world golf championship @trumpdoral in miami tomorrow! rory phil bubba adam and dustin all at the top! thank you louisiana! #trump2016#supersaturday. thank you kentucky! #trump2016#supersaturday. .@foxnews is devastated that lightweight senator marco rubio got trounced tonight and is the big loser. i won the two big states great! i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning. enjoy! @jdickerson. florida: do not miss this opportunity to #makeamericagreatagain! thank you @ivankatrump:. thank you michigan! #trump2016. david brooks of the new york times is closing in on being the dumbest of them all. he doesnt have a clue. nancy reagan the wife of a truly great president was an amazing woman. she will be missed! the primary plaintiff in the phony trump university suit wants to abandon the case. disgraceful! fraud lightweight marco made a tv ad on trumpu featuring 2 people who signed these letters:. thank you to @jdickerson and @facethenation for a very fair and professional interview this morning. no wonder you are #1 in the ratings! i am at trump national doral-best resort in u.s. rory and adam scott are doing great! watch on nbc at 3:00 p.m. make america great again! .@meetthepress and @chucktodd did a 1 hour hit job on me today totally biased and mostly false. dishonest media! @chadrowland3: @jdickerson @facethenation a solid interview and a fair one. great job mr. trump. keep up the good work. #trumptrain. @janetlarose1: @realdonaldtrump @facethenation @jdickerson washington versus trump &trumps supporters ... #trumpdog. all of the phony t.v. commercials against me are bought and payed for by special interest groups the bandits that tell your pols what to do. how do you fight millions of dollars of fraudulent commercials pushing for crooked politicians? i will be using facebook & twitter. watch! failed presidential candidate lindsey graham should respect me. i destroyed his run brought him from 7 to 0 when he got out. now nasty! lindsey graham is all over t.v. much like failed 47 candidate mitt romney. these nasty angry jealous failures have zero credibility! we cannot let the failing republican establishment who could not stop obama twice ruin the movement with millions of s in false ads! i will be using facebook and twitter to expose dishonest lightweight senator marco rubio. a record no-show in senate he is scamming florida. congratulation to adam scott and all of the folks at trump national doral on producing a really great wgc tournament. amazing finish! leaving for north carolina. big crowd will be fun! don t believe the millions of dollars of phony television ads by lightweight rubio and the r establishment. dishonest people! it was great being in michigan. remember i am the only presidential candidate who will bring jobs back to the u.s.and protect car industry! @justin sellers: setup is underway @realdonaldtrump rally in madison. #msprimary thank you! lightweight senator marco rubio features trump univ. students in fl. attack ads- who submitted excellent reviews. thank you idaho! i love your potatoes- nobody grows them better. as president i will protect your market. new ad concerning lightweight senator marco rubio:. i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm est on @foxnews! enjoy! cruz came to mississippi there was nobody there he left the state. i had a rally in madison ms with 10000! thank you! i employ many people in hawaii at my great hotel in honolulu. ill be there very soon. vote for me hawaii! ted cruz was for welcoming syrian refugees before he was against it. people forget it was club for growth that asked me for 1 million. i said no & they went negative. extortion! the club for growth is a very dishonest group. they represent conservative values terribly & are bad for america. michigan mississippi idaho & hawaii: get out to vote and join the movement today! video:. thank you @erictrump! make america great again! @erictrump: wishing our father tremendous luck in michigan mississippi idaho & hawaii today! amazing father! @q. sun sentinel says: rubio lacks the experience work ethic and gravitas needed to be president. he has not earned your vote! remember i am the only one who is self-funding my campaign. all of the other candidates are bought and paid for by special interests! mitt romney had his chance and blew it. lindsey graham ran for president got zero and quit! why are they now spokesmen against me? sad! #votetrumpms! #trump2016. #votetrumpmi! #trump2016. #votetrumphi! #trump2016. #votetrumpid! #trump2016. hawaii:. the negative television commercials about me paid for by the politicians bosses are a total #mediafraud. when you watch remember! i hear @nbcnews @wsj came out with another one of their phony polls. while i am leading they are totally discredited after last s.c. poll. word is i am doing very well in michigan and mississippi! wow and with all that money spent against me! will be going to trump jupiter now! thank you america! #trump2016. thank you! #trump2016. thank you mississippi! #trump2016. thank you michigan! #trump2016. this was a great evening- i would like to thank everyone for their wonderful support. thank you hawaii! #trump2016. phony club for growth tried to shake me down for one million dollars & is now putting out nasty negative ads on me. they are total losers! keep lightweight marco and his friends out of the white house. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. another dishonest politician #lightweightsenatormarcorubio. wow you are all correct about @foxnews - totally biased and disgusting reporting. @adriparsonss: @the trump train @realdonaldtrump #donald trump is your man america. he is the best!! vote for him! thank you! thank you mark. #gopdebate. thank you america! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. @jaredwyand: let s be clear.. #nevertrump is about never someone we don t own you either play into it & let them win or vote trump. thank you! #gopdebate. dr. ben carson- i concur. i believe in god who can change people- he can make any of us better. @realbencarson. rumor has it that @politico is going out of business. losing too much money. great news! likewise dopey mort zuckerman s @nydailynews. thank you st. louis missouri! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. it means so much to me- receiving an endorsement from phyllis schlafly. a truly great woman & conservative. great news! thank you governor ralph dlg torres! #trump2016. i just got off the phone with the great people of guam! thank you for your support! #votetrump today! #trump2016. the organized group of people many of them thugs who shut down our first amendment rights in chicago have totally energized america! absentee governor kasich voted for nafta and nafta devastated ohio - a disaster from which it never recovered. kasich is good for mexico! ohio had the biggest budget increase in the u.s. if it were not for striking oil they would be bust! governor kasich in favor of tpp fraud! the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled. will be great - love you ohio! on my way to dayton ohio. will be there soon! make america great again! thank you dayton ohio! 20000 supporters- largest in airport history! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the rally in cincinnati is on. media put out false reports that it was cancelled! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. word is-early voting in fl is very dishonest. little marco his state chairman & their minions are working overtime-trying to rig the vote. we are asking law enforcement to check for dishonest early voting in florida- on behalf of little marco rubio. no way to run a country! the last person that hillary or bernie want to run against is donald trump --- and that is fact! it is clinton and sanders people who disrupted my rally in chicago - and then they say i must talk to my people. phony politicians! just finished my second speech. 20k in dayton & 25k in cleveland- perfectly behaved crowd. thanks- i love you ohio! #endcommoncore #trump2016video:. do the people of ohio know that john kasich is strongly in favor of common core! in other words education of your children from d.c. no way. usss did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. he has ties to isis. should be in jail! wow kasich didn t qualify to run in the state of pennsylvania not enough signatures. big problem! @alextrent4: it is repulsive that trump was assaulted politicians used that 2 further themselves 2 further victimize trump! disgusting!! bernie sanders is lying when he says his disruptors aren t told to go to my events. be careful bernie or my supporters will go to yours! ohio gov.kasich voted for nafta from which ohio has never recovered. now he wants tpp which will be even worse. ohio steel and coal dying! gov.kasich of ohio just stated on a morning show that he doesn t watch politics or anything on television he only watches the @golfchannel. thank you kevin. with unification of the party republican wins will be massive! carly fiorina- i agree! ted cruz is just another politician. all talk- no action! because gov. kasich cannot run in the state of pennsylvania-he cannot win the nomination- & should not be allowed to compete in ohio on tue. the failing @nytimes is truly one of the worst newspapers. they knowingly write lies and never even call to fact check. really bad people! lyin ted. just received from @peterose 14. thank you pete! #votetrump on tuesday ohio! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. we don t have a country- if we don t have borders. #votetrump video:. look forward to being in tampa this afternoon. wonderful crowds. thank you florida! leaving the great people of north carolina. amazing event. heading to tampa now! #votetrump. gov kasich voted for nafta which devastated ohio and is now pushing tpp hard- bad for american workers! kasich has helped decimate the coal and steel industries in ohio. i will bring them back! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you - youngstown ohio! i love you! get out & #votetrump tomorrow. #trump2016. sadly this kind of stuff even happened to ronald reagan. there is nothing nice about it! #makeamericagreatagain. @brazielcarol: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump who started this mess the protesters of course . and media made it worse. @realwwshelton: @loudobbsnews i believe that @realdonaldtrump will be the big winner tomorrow. thank you! @wh: wow people are so misinformed on donaldtrump character! watch this video! hillary and bernie don t come close. @mazzei48: @realdonaldtrump @brazielcarol @foxnews listening to interview on replay of @a savage nation #go donald trump !!!!! thanks. kasich voted for nafta a disaster for ohio and now wants the even worse tpp approved. vote trump and end this madness! rubio is weak on illegal immigration with the worst voting record in the u.s. senate in many years. he will never make america great again! i will bring our jobs back to america fix our military and take care of our vets end common core and obamacare protect 2nd a build wall. please remember i am the only candidate who is self-funding his campaign. kasich rubio and cruz are all bought and paid for by lobbyists! don t reward mitt romney who let us all down in the last presidential race by voting for kasich who voted for nafta open borders etc. . good morning ohio! some additional information from my daughter @ivankatrump! #votetrump #supertuesday. just in big news- i have been declared the winner of the cnmi rep caucus with 72.8 of the vote! thank you! #supertuesday #votetrump. north carolina lost 300000 manufacturing jobs and ohio lost 400000 since 2000. going to mexico etc. no more if i win we will bring back! #votetrump #supertuesdayfloridaillinoismissourinorth carolinaohio #trumptrain. watching john kasich being interviewed - acting so innocent and like such a nice guy. remember him in second debate until i put him down. ohio is losing jobs to mexico now losing ford and many others . kasich is weak on illegal immigration. we need strong borders now! in presidential voting so far john kasich is zero for 22. so why would he be a good candidate? hillary would beat him i will beat hillary! i will bring our jobs back to the u.s. and keep our companies from leaving. nobody else can do it. our economy will sing again. a lot of complaints from people saying my name is not on the ballot in various places in florida? hope this is false. word is that despite a record amount spent on negative and phony ads i had a massive victory in florida. numbers out soon! @bertshad: was going to watch @foxnews for the primary results but saw @megynkelly - looks like #cnn tonight. @gregens21: @bertshad @foxnews @megynkelly she s choking on the results! call her justifiable kelly. justifying everything she says. @jsconlon11: @bertshad @foxnews @megynkelly i tried to give them a shot tonight but they have the whole anti trump cheerleading team. @j styborski: @realdonaldtrump @gregens21 @bertshad @foxnews @megynkelly hayes is looking depressed as well. @scnak45: @megynkelly is trying so hard to bash @realdonaldtrump it s ridiculous don t worry everyone is wise to crazy megyn! @dumpfoxnews: @foxnews @megynkelly if media wasn t so biased against trump he would ve won all of the delegates. can t watch crazy megyn anymore. talks about me at 43 but never mentions that there are four people in race. with two people big & over! thank you northern mariana islands!#supertuesday #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you florida! #supertuesday #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. watching other networks and local news. really good night! crazy @megynkelly is unwatchable. thank you north carolina! #trump2016 #supertuesday #makeamericagreatagain. thank you illinois! #supertuesday #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i only wish my wonderful daughter tiffany could have been with us at mar-a-lago for our great election victory. she is a winner! thank you marco i agree! @maryeh428: @realbencarson i thank god you are on board with @realdonaldtrump to help him and us #makeamericagreatagain ty!! @lucyric13835428: @realdonaldtrump @megynkelly that s funny i switched to other media too can t stand her. will be interviewed on @gma at 7:00 a.m. big wins last night! will be interviewed on @newday on @cnn at 7:15 a.m. will be interviewed on @morning joe at 7:40. enjoy! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. enjoy! .@pastormarkburns you were great last night and we all very much appreciate it! thank you! @foxbusiness: .@reptommarino: i think @realdonaldtrump can beat hillaryclinton. and i m looking forward to trump being president. .@reptommarino great job on television this morning. glad to have you on my side! is this what we want for a president? yesterday was amazing5 victories. lyin ted cruzhad zero. things are going very well! in the last 2 weeks i had 35m of negative ads against me in florida & i won in a massive landslide.the establishment should save their ! thank you to the governor of florida rick scott for your endorsement. i greatly appreciate your support! i am making a big speech the night of the @foxnews debate but i wish everyone well. yesterday was a big day for me with 5 wins! wow just won missouri! thank you missouri! #trump2016. i will be interviewed on the o reilly factor this evening at 8 pm on the fox news channel. @oreillyfactor. stuart stevens the failed campaign manager of mitt romney s historic loss is now telling the republican party what to do with trump. sad! crazy @megynkelly supposedly had lyin ted cruz on her show last night. ted is desperate and his lying is getting worse. ted can t win! great news that @foxnews has cancelled the additional debate. how many times can the same people ask the same question? i beat cruz debating. crazy @megynkelly is now complaining that @oreillyfactor did not defend her against me - yet her bad show is a total hit piece on me.tough! the reason lyin ted cruz has lost so much of the evangelical vote is that they are very smart and just don t tolerate liars-a big problem! .@wsj editorial says clinton primary vote total is 8646551.trump s is 7533692 -a knock. but she had only 3 opponents-i had 16.apologize. .@wsj is bad at math. the good news is nobody cares what they say in their editorials anymore especially me! please explain to the dummies at the @wsj editorial board that i love to debate and have won according to drudge etc. all 11 of them! see you in arizona on friday and saturday. looking like my 5 victories on tuesday will be just as good as if i won ohio. two more days and ohio was mine! highly overrated & crazy @megynkelly is always complaining about trump and yet she devotes her shows to me. focus on others megyn! who should star in a reboot of liar liar- hillary clinton or ted cruz? let me know. make america great again! hillary clinton has been involved in corruption for most of her professional life! join us in salt lake city utah- tonight!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. lyin ted cruz lost all five races on tuesday-and he was just given the jinx - a lindsey graham endorsement. also backed jeb. lindsey got 0! senator @lindseygrahamsc made horrible statements about @sentedcruz and then he endorsed him. no wonder nobody trusts politicians! .@ewerickson got fired like a dog from redstateand now he is the one leading opposition against me. with millions of dollars of negative and phony ads against me by the establishment my numbers continue to go up. can anyone explain this? club for growth tried to extort 1000000 from me. when i said no they went hostile with negative ads. disgraceful! club for growth letter- trying to extort 1000000.00 from me. remember i said- no! going to salt lake city utah for a big rally. lyin ted cruz should not be allowed to win there - mormons don t like liars! i beat hillary. failed presidential candidate mitt romney the man who choked and let us all down is now endorsing lyin ted cruz. this is good for me! failed presidential candidate mitt romney was campaigning with john kasich & marco rubio and now he is endorsing ted cruz. 1 2. mitt romney is a mixed up man who doesn t have a clue. no wonder he lost! join me tomorrow! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. thank you arizona- i love you! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. everybody should boycott the @megynkelly show. never worth watching. always a hit on trump! she is sick & the most overrated person on tv. do you believe that hillary clinton now wants obamacare for illegal immigrants? she should spend more time taking care of our great vets! i guess i have reached yet another ceiling - 49.7 with four people. my highest reuters poll yet! thank you! why haven t they released the final missouri victory for us yet? could it be because cruz s guy runs missouri? just leaving salt lake city utah- fantastic crowd with no interruptions. love utah- will be back! watching @loudobbsnews- fantastic show! has very interesting take on paul ryan. heading to phoneix. will be arriving soon. tomorrow a big day. tremendous crowds expected! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. while i have never met @nytdavidbrooks of the ny times i consider him one of the dumbest of all pundits- he has no sense of the real world! reading @nytdavidbrooks of the ny times is a total waste of time he is a clown with no awareness of the world around him- dummy! landing in phoenix now. tomorrow s events will be amazing! #trump2016. thank you- new york! i love you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @ileanabarkus: @nytdavidbrooks i totally agree! @nytdavidbrooks is strictly conceptual and theoretical and has no commonsense! @cmichaeld2004: realistic trump poll numbers translate to the 70 percentile range in a two-man race. gee what happened to that 30 ceiling. @wesleyrickard: sheriff joe arpaio az endorses donald j trump for president of the united states #az #ut. @veteran4trump: vets for a strong america endorses donald trump for president we ve endorsed him we believe in him #trump2016. @grammy620: 1st time i heard #trump i said wow . i liked him! i then became a closet #trump fan. today? he s the only 1 i will vote for! @ashleyedam: it s great to see supporters like you along the way...watching americans come together the past 8 months #votetrump. @ma1973sk: actually no @foxnews @megynkelly has a sick obsession with trump. every day every show trashing negative hate. @donaldjtrumpjr: honored to be in #utah with retired general robert c. oaks. we are so thankful for his support and endorsement here in slc. @teamtrumpaz: check out hannity exclusive event with trump in phoenix az @eventbrite. @saneplanet: after tonight it is clear! utah is #trumpcountry #utah #mormon #utahprimary #utah4trump. crazy @megynkelly says i don t won t go on her show and she still gets good ratings. but almost all of her shows are negative hits on me! if crazy @megynkelly didn t cover me so much on her terrible show her ratings would totally tank. she is so average in so many ways! great to be back in arizona!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. wow @cnn ratings are up 75 because it s all trump all the time. the networks are making a fortune off of me! make america great again! thank you arizona! 20000 amazing supporters! get out and #votetrump on tuesday. i love you!#makeamericagreatagain. .@diamondandsilk- just watched you on #wattersworld with a large group of people. everybody loves you- two amazing people! #trump2016. .@jessebwatters- watching your show from arizona where we just had a big rally. it is fantastic- everybody loves it!#makeamericagreatagain. .@andreatantaros- you are a true journalistic professional. i so agree with what you say. keep up the great work! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you- tucson arizona! a great afternoon with 6000 supporters! #votetrump on tuesday!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you arizona! get out and #votetrump on tuesday! #azprimary #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. @jojo2foxy: trump is not afraid of anything or anyone - that s the president usa needs to unite us & knock the socks off our enemies! the rallies in utah and arizona were great! tremendous crowds and spirit. just returned but will be going back soon. @gstephanopoulos: whats @realdonaldtrump s strategy to secure the gop nomination? ill talk to the republican front-runner. @thisweekabc. will be interviewed on @thisweekabc this morning. enjoy! why is it that the horrendous protesters who scream curse punch shut down roads doors during my rallies are never blamed by media? sad! the protesters blocked a major highway yesterday delaying entry to my rally in arizona by hours and the media blames my supporters! so the highly overrated anchor @megynkelly is allowed to constantly say bad things about me on her show but i can t fight back? wrong! @gamzorz: @megynkelly dont worry trump they are losing thousands of viewers and money. roger ailes will be telling megyn to stop. big republican dinner tonight at mar-a-lago in palm beach. i will be there! wow president obama just landed in cuba a big deal and raul castro wasn t even there to greet him. he greeted pope and others. no respect. @barrong510: @realdonaldtrump the media is corrupt! we the people are fighting with you. @mypresidentme: here s trump #aipac2016 in case anyone missed it. it is a must watch. do you all remember how beautiful and safe a place brussels was. not anymore it is from a different world! u.s. must be vigilant and smart! president obama looks and sounds so ridiculous making his speech in cuba especially in the shadows of brussels. he is being treated badly! make america great again! i have proven to be far more correct about terrorism than anybody- and its not even close. hopefully az and ut will be voting for me today! watch this clip from earlier this year. time & time again i have been right about terrorism. its time to get tough! my heart & prayers go out to all of the victims of the terrible #brussels tragedy. this madness must be stopped and i will stop it. #votetrump video: #arizonaprimary #utahcaucus #utcaucus #americansamoa. #arizonaprimary message from @ivankatrump! #azprimary #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #utahcaucus message from @ivankatrump! #utcaucus#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. obama and all others have been so weak and so politically correct that terror groups are forming and getting stronger! shame. pres. obama should leave the baseball game in cuba immediately & get home to washington- where a #potus under a serious emergency belongs! lyin ted cruz just used a picture of melania from a g.q. shoot in his ad. be careful lyin ted or i will spill the beans on your wife! incompetent hillary despite the horrible attack in brussels today wants borders to be weak and open-and let the muslims flow in. no way! thank you arizona! #trump2016#westerntuesday #trumptrain. much bigger win than anticipated in arizona. thank you i will never forget! hopefully the republican party can come together and have a big win in november paving the way for many great supreme court justices! lyin ted cruz denied that he had anything to do with the g.q. model photo post of melania. that s why we call him lyin ted! thank you arizona! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain #trumptrain. lyin ted cruz steals foreign policy from me and lines from michael douglas just another dishonest politician. low energy jeb bush just endorsed a man he truly hates lyin ted cruz. honestly i cant blame jeb in that i drove him into oblivion! just watched hillary deliver a prepackaged speech on terror. shes been in office fighting terror for 20 years- and look where we are! i will be the best by far in fighting terror. im the only one that was right from the beginning & now lyin ted & others are copying me. i think having jeb s endorsement hurts lyin ted. jeb spent more than 150000000 and got nothing. i spent a fraction of that and am first! while i believe i will clinch before cleveland and get more than 1237 delegates it is unfair in that there have been so many in the race! i want to thank @realsheriffjoe for all of his help in our historic arizona win. could not have done it without you joe! make america great again! @debrarakestraw: you have over 2m followers more than than @hillaryclinton. this says something about how america feels. #trump2016. @tcsorr: @jphilman0206 @realdonaldtrump self-funded and media loves him. not beholden to masters like @tedcruz. who owns ted? @kj11100me: @realdonaldtrump donald trump will be greater president than ragan. trump will set the button for moralitychristianity. @don vito 08: a picture is worth a thousand words @realdonaldtrump #lyingted #nevercruz @melaniatrump. n.a.t.o. is obsolete and must be changed to additionally focus on terrorism as well as some of the things it is currently focused on! we pay a disproportionate share of the cost of n.a.t.o. why? it is time to renegotiate and the time is now! @missi51: .@realdonaldtrump thank god is not a politician but he s one heck of a fighter who will fight for us the people. it is amazing how @lindseygrahamsc gets on so many t.v. shows talking negatively about me when i beat him so badly zero in his pres run! .@lindseygrahamsc and lyin ted cruz are two politicians who are very much alike - all talk and no action! both talk about isis do nothing! these politicians like cruz and graham who have watched isis and many other problems develop for years do nothing to make things better! remember when i recently said that brussels is a hell hole and a mess and the failing @nytimes wrote a critical article. i was so right! it is amazing how often i am right only to be criticized by the media. illegal immigration take the oil build the wall muslims nato! @timvincent56: @lindseygrahamsc talkers think about the future doers are already building it #votetrump2016. hillary clinton has been working on solving the terrorism problem for years. time for a change i will solve - and fast! .@theview t.v. show which is failing so badly that it will soon be taken off thr air is constantly asking me to go on. i tell them no. explain how the women on the view which is a total disaster since the great barbara walters left ever got their jobs. @abc is wasting time. @doctor s freud: @theview they re all brain-dead puppets with skeletons in their closet. i say you go on and destroy them all a dead show. just announced that as many as 5000 isis fighters have infiltrated europe. also many in u.s. i told you so! i alone can fix this problem! europe and the u.s. must immediately stop taking in people from syria. this will be the destruction of civilization as we know it! so sad! @neilturner : @realdonaldtrump cruz & rubio are scared! watch -. endorsements for lyin ted cruz-. make america great again! just won a big federal lawsuit similar in certain ways to the trump u case but the press refuses to write about it. if i lost-monster story! i didn t start the fight with lyin ted cruz over the gq cover pic of melania he did. he knew the pac was putting it out - hence lyin ted! wow just released that 67 million in negative ads was spent on me. how am i still number one - by a lot? @11phenomenon: #lyingted blames @realdonaldtrump for so many things i am starting to think he is having a mental health crisis. top suspect in paris massacre salah abdeslam who also knew of the brussels attack is no longer talking. weak leaders ridiculous laws! @theageofleo: your instincts on foreign policy & terrorism have been better than all of these so called experienced politicians combined. @stancoltrane: turns out @glennbeck was wrong. @realdonaldtrump had nothing to do with it. @spartanmaker: let me help you trumpophobes with math: trump: 10.3b- 1.2m 74 equity 1.2m 858233 . s&p: 1314.5 #derp. @tytan01: dear @cnn after doing a quick google & twitter search there are over 15000 women s groups supporting donaldtrump. stop lying. @pattiandsammi: @gullakhta99 @realdonaldtrump @tytan01 @cnn women love trump. trump s execs predominantly female. #women4trump. the media is so after me on women wow this is a tough business. nobody has more respect for women than donald trump! the press is going out of their way to convince people that i do not like or respect women when they know that it is just the opposite! lyin ted cruz is now trying to convince prople that his problems with the national enq.were caused by me. i had nothing to do with story! nobody will protect our nation like donald j. trump. our military will be greatly strengthened and our borders will be strong. illegals out! wisconsin s economy is doing poorly and like everywhere else in u.s. jobs are leaving. i will make our economy strong again - bring in jobs. don t believe the @foxnews polls they are just another phony hit job on me. i will beat hillary clinton easily in the general election. remember i am the only candidate who is self-funding. while i am given little credit for this by the voters i am not bought like others! i am interviewed on this week on @abc this morning. enjoy! wow sleepy eyes @chucktodd is at it again. he is do totally biased. the things i am saying are correct. - far better vision than the others. my statement on nato being obsolete and disproportionately too expensive and unfair for the u.s. are now finally receiving plaudits! happy easter to all have a great day! another radical islamic attack this time in pakistan targeting christian women & children. at least 67 dead400 injured. i alone can solve. why can t the pundits be honest? hopefully we are all looking for a strong and great country again. i will make it strong and great! jobs! just to show you how unfair republican primary politics can be i won the state of louisiana and get less delegates than cruz-lawsuit coming. see lyin ted even the @dailybeast no fan of mine says this story came from rubio not trump! the united states cannot continue to make such bad one-sided trade deals. there are only so many jobs we can give up. no more! @victorconkle: #wiprimary @realdonaldtrump will defeat isis and #makeamericagreatagain. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30. things are looking good had a great easter-look forward to spending the week in wisconsin! @nellalda: @realdonaldtrump we stand by trump 100 thank you! kirsten powers: anti- trump operative was aggressively shopping cruz story via the gateway pundit:. a detainee released from gitmo has killed an american. when will our so-called leaders ever learn! ted cruz is incensed that i want to refocus nato on terrorism as well as current mission but also want others to pay fair share a must! @wolfblitzer: campaign-to-date popular gop totals: @realdonaldtrump 7546980 @tedcruz 5481737 @johnkasich 2724749 a big difference. just released that international gangs are all over our cities. this will end when i am president! @pauladuvall2: cruz will say anything that is contrary to what you have to say. if you re for motherhood he ll be against it! after the way i beat gov. scott walker and jeb rand marco and all others in the presidential primaries no way he would ever endorse me! lyin ted cruz is weak & losing big so now he wants to debate again. but according to drudgetime and on-line polls i have won all debates. lyin ted i have already beaten you in all debates and am way ahead of you in votes and delegates. you should focus on jobs & illegal imm! we need to secure our borders asap. no games we must be smart tough and vigilant. make america great again & make america strong again! wow @cnn has nothing but my opponents on their shows. really one-sided and unfair reporting. maybe i shouldn t do their town-hall tonight! i have millions more votes hundreds more dels than cruz or kasich and yet am not being treated properly by the republican party or the rnc. how come the @todayshow & @chucktodd show the new @nbcnews poll for hillary vs bernie but do not show the same poll where i am killing cruz? wow corey lewandowski my campaign manager and a very decent man was just charged with assaulting a reporter. look at tapes-nothing there! why aren t people looking at this reporters earliest statement as to what happened that is before she found out the episode was on tape? victory press conference was over. why is she allowed to grab me and shout questions? can i press charges? this was the reporters statement- when she found out there was tape from my facility she changed her tune. why is this reporter touching me as i leave news conference? what is in her hand?? make america great again! thank you! #makeamericagreatagain. trump defends campaign manager charged for bruising a reporter:. thank you! #trump2016. final # s just announced in the great state of mo. trump wins! new certified # s show a 365 vote increase for me- @ least 12 more delegates! .@davidgregory got thrown off of tv by nbc fired like a dog! now he is on @cnn being nasty to me. not nice! thank you new york!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. please keep your thoughts & prayers with melissa young- miss wisconsin 2005. congratulations to @cnn for having the wisdom to pick trump! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you- appleton wisconsin!#wiprimary #trump2016. @gearssuxs: @loudobbsnews @realdonaldtrump i m a democrat and switch over to republican just to vote for trump in the primary. great! @susanbirchfiel1: nothing you say will change my mind! woman for @realdonaldtrump. the trump doctrine: peace through strength. #trump2016. just had a very nice meeting with @reince priebus and the @gop. looking forward to bringing the party together --- and it will happen! thank you wisconsin! #votetrump next tuesday april 5th! #wiprimary. thank you america! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. thank you new york! #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the club for growthwhich asked me for 1000000 in an extortion attempt just put up a wisconsin ad with incorrect math.what a dumb group! the club for growth said in their ad that 465 delegates cruz plus 143 delegates kasich is more than my 739 delegates. try again! the national border patrol council nbpc said that our open border is the biggest physical & economic threat facing the american people! for the 1st time in american history americas 16500 border patrol agents have issue a presidential primary endorsementme! thank you. does anybody like lyin ted? my new radio ad airing today in wisconsin! see you soon!#wiprimary #trump2016. we must build a great wall between mexico and the united states! can you believe that ted cruz who has been killing our country on trade for so long just put out a wisconsin ad talking about trade? make america great again! is it possible for @megynkelly to cover anyone but donald trump on her terrible show. she totally misrepresents my words and positions! bad. if @megynkelly stopped covering me on her show her ratings would drop like a rock! my h to h interview with @ac360 beat her by millions! i will be in wisconsin until the election. jobs trade and immigration will be big factors. i will bring jobs back home - make great deals! wisconsin has suffered a great loss of jobs and trade but if i win all of the bad things happening in the u.s. will be rapidly reversed! join me on monday april 4th in milwaukee! #wiprimary #trump2016tickets:. great honor to have @gop general counsel #johnryder as a trump delegate in tn. rnc meeting well worth it! unifying the party! .@heytammybruce- thank you for your nice words on fox today. they never use my full statements on nuclear which you would agree with! .@foxnews should be ashamed for allowing experts to explain how to make a nuclear attack! a great day in wisconsin!thank you #racine & #wausau! just arrived in #eauclaire! #trump2016#wiprimary #trumptrain. i will be interviewed by @jdickerson on @facethenation tomorrow morning. enjoy! #trump2016. thank you eau claire wisconsin. #votetrump on tuesday april 5th!make america great again! @facethenation: tune in for our sit-down interview with republican frontrunner @realdonaldtrump! i will be on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace this morning. enjoy! @wheels155:@cnn is reviewing the weekbut majority of the show about @realdonaldtrump cuz there would be 0.0 ratings if not. media s a joke. @margee11: #wisconsin vote smart @tedcruz records r sealed.. what is he hiding? save america w @realdonaldtrump. @007cigarjoe: #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 @realdonaldtrump is the only deal !!! thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimary. @gopjenna: i don t care about the game i care about the people. and that s exactly why we the people love you so much! #trump2016. thank you new york and pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you miss katie s diner!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i will be in milwaukee wisconsin- tomorrow at 7pme with @melaniatrump. join us! #wiprimary #trump2016. congratulations to @gohermie for winning the @shellhouopen. we are all proud of you @tngcbedminster & all @trumpgolf clubs! great going! i am on @foxnews with @greta doing a town hall from wisconsin- now! enjoy!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. a great night in west allis wisconsin! thank you! #votetrumpwi #wiprimary. a great day in wisconsin many stops many great people! melania is joining me on monday. big crowds. make america great again! this tweet from @realdonaldtrump has been withheld in response to a report from the copyright holder. just departing la crosse wisconsin. thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimary. congratulations jim herman! we are all proud of you @trumpgolf! will be interviewed on @seanhannity on @foxnews from #wisconsin tonight. my wife melania will join me for the entire show. wow great news from wisconsin. just made two speeches there with a big one coming tonight. thank you! leaving superior wisconsin now. thank you! #trump2016 #wiprimary. make america great again! i will be on @seanhannity @foxnews- tonight at 10pme w @melaniatrump from wisconsin. enjoy! #wiprimary #trump2016. @vikkideiter: something very close to my heart. i m a navy vet! i love @realdonaldtrump s veterans administration reforms. @foxnews: @scottbaio: #donaldtrump is the only guy i think that has the will & the nerve to attack & to fight. make america great again! good morning wisconsin! the polls are now open! #votetrump today & we will makeamericagreatagain! wisconsin we will make america great again! @roadsho: challenge to all wi gun owners. vote @realdonaldtrump.the only candidate that will protect your rights! wow @politico is in total disarray with almost everybody quitting. goodnews -- bad dishonest journalists! still time to get out and vote!#wiprimary #trump2016 #maga. it is so great to be back home! looking forward to a great rally tonight in bethpage long island! i was not scheduled to be on the @oreillyfactor. pure fiction! unbelievable evening. just made a speech in front 17000 amazing new yorkers in bethpage long island--- great to be home! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. ted cruz attacked new yorkers and new york values- we don t forget! @gracefulme3: @seanhannity @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump cruz is hated in new york. he should go home - no place for a phony. @genie115: #makeamericagreatagain we can only do that with @realdonaldtrump rt. @keeblerqueen: @realrudygiulian @realdonaldtrump thanks rudy!!! trump will be a great president!! @dicristo13: @realdonaldtrump let s have the policy speeches on immigration economy foreign policy and nato! @iamdavek: @realdonaldtrump first wwe hall of famer to become president? so great to be in new york. catching up on many things remember i am still running a major business while i campaign and loving it! @wpayton344: @paulmanafort great interview on cnn-being from ct- i am thrilled you are part of this team-go trump! @glozee1: great interview with @paulmanafort on @cnn regarding @realdonaldtrump path to victory #newday #makeamericagreatagain @danscavino. @r u ok uk: @realdonaldtrump @glozee1 @paulmanafort @cnn @danscavino vote trump to save the west. don t become like europe - #wakeupamerica. jennifer is a terrific person. looks like i was right about nato. i had no doubt. nobody beats me on national security. donald trumpthe disrupter will air on @foxnews saturday night and sunday night at 8 pm et. anchored by @bretbaier. @johnrobertsfox. @cam: reports are rnc has received 1 million postcards so far! if i get more info on ## i ll post @anncoulter. @kirstiealley: hello boys! this is my formal endorsement of @realdonaldtrump & i m a woman! last i checked and rudy u r amazing! @repmartindaniel: we support you #haileypuckett. you will go far in life. smart and courageous! @redneckgp: all you haters out there stop trashing the only candidate @realdonaldtrump that will put all of you & america first #trump. @repalonelori: @realdonaldtrump @kirstiealley we love you and know you will do an awesome job! saw you in bethpage !! thank you. @lilrachiepoo: @realdonaldtrump thank you mr. trump for your personal and financial sacrifices in this journey to #makeamericagreatagain. @alexnightrasor: @realdonaldtrump @lilrachiepoo trump will be our best president since reagan! @dnglax: yes! thank u 4 coming to li! it was a thrill 2 b part of it! u will get the job done! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. isn t it a shame that the person who will have by far the most delegates and many millions more votes than anyone else me still must fight. bernie sanders says that hillary clinton is unqualified to be president. based on her decision making ability i can go along with that! @gene70: @realdonaldtrump fugedaboudit!!! the woman in new york love donald trump!!! @gene70: @realdonaldtrump the real person of the year! wow! a great honor to visit the 9 11 memorial museum with my wife @melaniatrump today. #newyorkvalues. @vivhall3: @realdonaldtrump here your delegate replaced at co gop convention. very sad! @theresa cali: poll shows @realdonaldtrump leads among registered republican women with 44 . thank you! @pennyhicks13: @carolde @kisster1 @foxnews your tax and economic plans are second to none! media shld report. @kids123nicholas: @gqforbes @reptommarino @realdonaldtrump.lets get it done philadelphia pa.make trump your pick for president now. @mutual408grace: @realdonaldtrump @gene70 california women love mr trump too. will make it happen in new york on april 19. go out & vote. @governor savage: @realdonaldtrump is the only person who can save us from this corrupt political mess. #makeamericagreatagain. @anncoulter: gop is trying to steal nomination from the winner trump not block an insurgent catching up 2 frontrunner sanders . @metalmom888: @theresa cali if the gop screws trump his millions will walk from the gop never to return! they better think long and hard. @becker berta: @vivhall3 @reince millions more will burn their republican registration if gop continues to subvert the will of the people. @jlopez05391: @realdonaldtrump rochester loves you! see you tomorrow! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016 #trumptrain a big crowd! @getreal1234: @realdonaldtrump @kids123nicholas @gqforbes @reptommarino let s go pa he has my vote go trump. @agentvf: new jersey man joseph hornick willing to go to jail for flying trump flag - breitbart @q102philly. the @nytimes purposely covers me so inaccurately. i want other nations to pay the u.s. for our defense of them. we are the suckers-no more! i win a state in votes and then get non-representative delegates because they are offered all sorts of goodies by cruz campaign. bad system! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. how is it possible that the people of the great state of colorado never got to vote in the republican primary? great anger - totally unfair! the people of colorado had their vote taken away from them by the phony politicians. biggest story in politics. this will not be allowed! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! @timehascome1: @waynedupreeshow @thepatriot143 trump needs to hold a massive protest rally in colorado. he d get 100k & own the news cycle. @autoprofessor17: @realdonaldtrump great job on fox n friends this morning. very well spoken and presidential. #trumptrain. @wvtts1017: @realdonaldtrump just listened to you on fox. i love you so much. thank you! @anneslimo: @realdonaldtrump @wvtts1017 thanks for rochester rally. great people thank you! this is happening all over our countrygreat people being disenfranchised bypoliticians. repub party is in trouble! colorado trump delegates scratched from ballots at gop convention. why does the liberal media think bill o reilly @oreillyfactor is a complete and total vulgarian? i don t think so! leaving for albany new york now massive crowd expected. very exciting! a very interesting piece by a very good writer @kirstenpowers of @usatoday and @foxnews. tune in & join me live in albany new york! 7pme start time! i love you new york! #trump2016 #trumptrain. join me in rome ny- tomorrow!#trump2016 #nyprimarytickets available:. thank you albany new york!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. wow great new poll- new york! thank you for your support! #trump2016#newyorkvalues. missouri just confirmed #trump2016 as the official winner- with an additional 12 delegates. #makeamericagreatagain. thank you california maryland new york and pennsylvania! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i love new york! #newyorkvalues. great to be on @andersoncooper tonight with my wonderful family. will be rebroadcast at 12:00 a.m. eastern . #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. join me in pittsburgh- tonight at 7pme! #trump2016 #trumptraintickets:. will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews tonight at 10pm from pennsylvania. enjoy! #trump2016. biggest story in politics is now happening in the great state of colorado where over one million people have been precluded from voting! the rules did change in colorado shortly after i entered the race in june because the pols and their bosses knew i would win with the voters. big protest march in colorado on friday afternoon! don t let the bosses take your vote! thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. join me on saturday- in syracuse new york! #nyprimary #trump2016. make america great again! thank you america! #trump2016. thank you @nypost! #trump2016. join me this weekend! #nyprimary4 16: syracuse - noon watertown - 3pm #trump2016. @bubble709 : @realdonaldtrump praying for your family and your win in new york. thank you! @wdct8110: @realdonaldtrump we love you donald ! finally someone who actually cares about us .. !! @herb stamper: @jackoffjosh711 @senfrankniceley @foxnews @wsj we are becoming a third world country because of jerks like him great! @dmharvey89: @realdonaldtrump @wdct8110 i just voted for @realdonaldtrump in indiana. everyone i talk to was following suit! fantastic! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 9:00 a.m. i will be talking about the rigged and boss controlled republican primaries! #icymi: @foxandfriends this morning. just arrived in syracuse ny. big crowd great place! we will bring back the desperately needed jobs. #nyprimary. thank you syracuse! #nyprimary. @trump supporter: trump holds 66 favorable rating in new york leads hillary clinton by 19pts in empire... @trumptbird: dear i m starting to believe that you re actually going to win! #trump2016 #presidenttrump #primary. @ashleyedam: new cbs poll shows defections from cruz s core supporters & increased support for @realdonaldtrump ...not surprising. @ollie 621: @foxnews @realdonaldtrump i think it s more like 64 . #votetrumpny #makeamericagreatagain! will be on hannity tonight. rebroadcast of town hall from pittsburgh pa. 8:00pm on fox. enjoy! #trump2016. see you tomorrow dutchess county new york! #nyprimary #trumptrain. thank you california connecticut maryland and pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #nyprimary. i ll be in one of my favorite places this morning staten island. big crowd will be fun! lyin ted cruz will never be able to beat hillary. despite a rigged delegate system i am hundreds of delegates ahead of him. lyin ted cruz can t get votes i am millions ahead of him so he has to get his delegates from the republican bosses. it won t work! crooked hillary clinton is spending a fortune on ads against me. i am the one person she doesn t want to run against. will be such fun! i would have millions of votes more than hillary except for the fact that i had 17 opponents and she just had a socialist named bernie! thank you california! will see you soon! #makeamericagreatagain. thank you for today s endorsement new york veteran police association! #newyorkvalues. @diamondandsilk: .@realdonaldtrump is who we need 2 fix this corrupted rigged system. 4 no profit under budget & ahead of schedule. lyin ted cruz can t win with the voters so he has to sell himself to the bosses-i am millions of votes ahead! hillary would destroy him & k. kasich only looks o.k. in polls against hillary because nobody views him as a threat and therefore have placed zero negative ads against him. new york we will make america great again! lyin ted cruz even voted against superstorm sandy aid and september 11th help. so many new yorkers devastated. cruz hates new york! #makeamericagreatagain #nyprimary. thank you buffalo! #nyprimary. i am on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! a big day for new york and for our country! make america great again! thank you eric! join me in indianapolis indiana tomorrow at 3pm! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagaintickets:. #icymi: #trump2016 closing speech inbuffalo new york!#votetrumpny. lets go america! time to take backour country and #makeamericagreatagainwatch video & go#votetrump! #makeamericagreatagain#trump2016. who did the house task force onurgent fiscal issues call- when america needed help? 1988 with oprah- discussing why i would never rule out a run for #potus.#trump2016 #votetrumpny #primaryday. discussing #newyorkvaluesin buffalo last night- on the eve of the #nyprimary.lets go ny! #votetrump. polls close in 3 hours! everyone get out and vote!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. @kdk144: @realdonaldtrump everybody is in a new york state of mind now! @keksec org: @realdonaldtrump your policies will make this state and country great again! #makeamericagreatagain. @greenskydeb: look everybody donaldtrump will win it on the first ballot so keep praying!!! #trumptrain #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. .@cnn is so negative it is impossible to watch. terrible panel angry haters. bill o @oreillyfactor said such an amazing thing about me! thank you new york! i love you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you new york i will never forget! @bigop1: @realdonaldtrump @cnn @oreillyfactor wow really nice! make america great again! ted cruz is mathematically out of winning the race. now all he can do is be a spoiler never a nice thing to do. i will beat hillary! off to indiana! #trump2016. #trump360 watch this 360 video of my speech last night at trump tower-. thank you indiana! will be back soon!#trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. had a meeting with the terrific @govpencein of indiana. so excited to campaign in his wonderful state! we are going to bring steel and manufacturing back to indiana! thank you maryland- what a great way to conclude the day! will be back soon. #trump2016. i will be doing the @todayshow with my wife melania and the rest of my family in a major town hall. hopefully it will be fun! enjoy.7a.m. senator ted cruz has been mathematically eliminated from race. he said kasich should get out for same reason. i think both should get out! both ted cruz and john kasich have no path to victory. they should both drop out of the race so that the republican party can unify! cruz said kasich should leave because he couldn t get to 1237. now he can t get to 1237. drop out lyin ted. i met prince on numerous occasions. he was an amazing talent and wonderful guy. he will be greatly missed! thank you for the incredible support maryland! this is a movement!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you @donaldjtrumpjr! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. thank you california! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you indiana! was great seeing everyone on wednesday! i will be back soon! #trump2016. thank you pennsylvania! #trump2016. will be spending the day campaigning in connecticut another state where jobs are being stolen by other countries. i will stop this fast! pennsylvania: cast your vote for trump for potus & also vote for the trump delegates in your congressional district! #makeamericagreatagainvideo:. thank you waterbury connecticut!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. stop them now:. thank you bridgeport connecticut!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you delaware! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain #trumptrain. lynne ryan -- just read your great story in the ny times -- i am proud of you. thanks! congratulations to @seanhannity on his great ratings and ratings increase as reported by the @ap today. amazing job! i had a great day campaigning in connecticut. looking for a big vote on tuesday! as soon as john kasich is hit with negative ads he will drop like a rock in the polls against crooked hillary clinton. i will win! .@borisep was great on @judgejeanine tonight. very smart commentary that will prove to be correct! .@andrebauer great job and advice on @cnn @jaketapper thank you! i will be in maryland this afternoon for a major rally. things are looking good for tuesday! @newtgingrich: #nyprimary turned trump from frontrunner into presumptive #gop nominee. @diamondandsilk: .@donaldjtrumpjr awesome job on @cnnsotu. donaldtrump has integrity & he refuses 2 play the game call delegate bribery. i am happy to hear how badly the @nytimes is doing. it is a seriously failing paper with readership which is way down. becoming irrelevant! wow just announced that lyin ted and kasich are going to collude in order to keep me from getting the republican nomination. desperation! lyin ted and kasich are mathematically dead and totally desperate. their donors & special interest groups are not happy with them. sad! lyin ted cruz and 1 for 38 kasich are unable to beat me on their own so they have to team up collusion in a two on one. shows weakness! shows how weak and desperate lyin ted is when he has to team up with a guy who openly can t stand him and is only 1 win and 38 losses. kasich just announced that he wants the people of indiana to vote for him. typical politician - can t make a deal work. on the way to the great state of rhode island- big rally. then to pennsylvania for rest of day and night! thank you warwick rhode island!#riprimary #votetrump. thank you west chester pennsylvania!#paprimary #votetrump. passing what was once a vibrant manufacturing area in pennsylvania. so sad! #makeamericagreatagain. get out and vote tomorrow! we will make america great again! #ctprimary #deprimary #mdprimary #paprimary #riprimary. thank you wilkes-barre pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. the cruz-kasich pact is under great strain. this joke of a deal is falling apart not being honored and almost dead. very dumb! make america great again! thank you @donaldjtrumpjr & @erictrump. #trump2016. bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democratsboth with delegates & otherwise. he should show them and run as an independent! thank you for the incredible support- melania barron ivanka jared tiffany don vanessa eric and lara! how bad is the new york timesthe most inaccurate coverage constantly. always trying to belittle. paper has lost its way! lets go pennsylvania! #votetrump. six hours left to #votetrump connecticut! thank you for a great day yesterday rhode island! #votetrump. you have until 8pm to #votetrump delaware! lets #makeamericagreatagain maryland! #votetrump. thank you america! #trump2016. thank you maryland! #trump2016. thank you pennsylvania! #trump2016. thank you connecticut! #trump2016. thank you rhode island! #trump2016. thank you delaware! #trump2016. thank you! thank you! we will make america great again! thanks! thanks dave! thank you newt! agreed! thank you connecticut delaware maryland pennsylvania and rhode island! #makeamericagreatagain. join me on @greta- from indianapolis indiana at 7pme! enjoy! #trump2016. thank you for the endorsement coach bobby knight! i will never forget it! thank you laura! i am in indiana where we just had a great rally. fantastic people! staying at a holiday inn express - new and clean not bad! getting the strong endorsement of the great coach bobby knight has been a highlight of my stay in indiana. big speech tomorrow with bobby! @annettejeanne: i cried when they said you made a clean sweep of all 5 states. i was so happy! i really adore you mr. trump so much. thank you to all for the wonderful reviews of my foreign policy speech. i will soon be speaking in great detail on numerous other topics! i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:00 a.m. this morning. enjoy! lyin ted cruz who can never beat hillary clinton and has no path to victory has chosen a v.p.candidate who failed badly in her own effort. i will be in evansville indiana with the great bobby knight who last night endorsed me at 12:00 this afternoon. see you there! so many false and phony t.v. commercials being broadcast in indiana. reminds me of florida where thousands were put up-i won in a landslide! heading to rally with bobby now! see you soon! thank you evansville indiana! #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends with the legendary coach bobby knight- tomorrow morning. enjoy! #indprimary. new york yankees president randy levine: end of the republican party if donald trump not nominated. thank you costa mesa california! 31000 people tonight with thousands turned away. i will be back! #trump2016. wow the ridiculous deal made between lyin ted cruz and 1 for 42 john kasich has just blown up. what a dumb deal - dead on arrival! crooked hillary clinton perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency is also one of the all time great enablers! thank you indiana! #trump2016. we are now at 1001 delegates. we will win on the first ballot and are not wasting time and effort on other ballots because system is rigged! .@ac360 anderson so amazing. your mother is and always has been an incredible woman! the protesters in california were thugs and criminals. many are professionals. they should be dealt with strongly by law enforcement! @lexingtonbobby: @foxnews @tedcruz @realdonaldtrump. the economy is bad and getting worse-almost zero growth this quarter. nobody can beat me on the economy and jobs . make america great again. trump locks down delaware gop delegates. #trump2016 #maga. thank you @mikeozanian for the nice comments on @foxnews today. great job! i will be in indiana on sunday and monday at four make america great again rallies. see you there! thank you indiana! #trump2016. i watched sen. graham @facethenation. why don t they say that i ran him out of the race like a little boy and in the end he had no support? will be in terre haute indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon! i am on @foxnewssunday with chris wallace- his 20th year anniversary with #fns throughout the day. enjoy! .@karlrove is a failed jeb bushy. never says anything good & never will even after i beat hillary. shouldn t be on the air! thank you terre haute indiana!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you fort wayne indiana!#trump2016 #inprimary. join me in carmel indiana- tomorrow at 4pm! #inprimary. i will be interviewed on @cnn @newday at 7:30 a.m. enjoy! crooked hillary clinton said she is used to dealing with men who get off the reservation. actually she has done poorly with such men! gov mike pence has just stated that donald trump has taken a strong stance on hoosier jobs and he thanks me! i will bring back jobs to usa. everybody is talking about the protesters burning the american flags and proudly waving mexican flags. i want america first - so do voters! i will be campaigning in indiana all day. things are looking great and the support of bobby knight has been so amazing. today will be fun! i will defeat crooked hillary clinton on 11 8 2016. #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. honored to have received the endorsement of lou holtz - a great guy! #inprimary #trump2016. thank you carmel indiana! get out & #votetrump tomorrow! #inprimary #makeamericagreatagain. thank you america!#makeamericagreatagain. will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme. enjoy! #inprimary. will be in south bend indiana in a short while -- big rally! see you soon! thank you south bend indiana! everyone get out & #votetrump tomorrow! #inprimary. make america great again!#inprimary #votetrump. make america great again!#inprimary #votetrump. make america great again! #trump2016 #votetrump. thank you america! #trump2016. polls close at 6pm! #inprimary #trump2016 #votetrump. make america great again!#inprimary #votetrump. wow lyin ted cruz really went wacko today. made all sorts of crazy charges. can t function under pressure - not very presidential. sad! lyin ted cruz consistently said that he will and must win indiana. if he doesn t he should drop out of the race-stop wasting time & money. thank you indiana! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. thank you indiana we were just projected to be the winner. we have won in every category. you are very special people-i will never forget! .@oreillyfactor please correct i won virginia! what a great evening we had. so interesting that sanders beat crooked hillary. the dysfunctional system is totally rigged against him! i would rather run against crooked hillary clinton than bernie sanders and that will happen because the books are cooked against bernie! i will be interviewed on @morning joe at 6:15 a.m. enjoy! i will be interviewed on @todayshow and good morning america at 7:00 a.m. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:30 a.m. enjoy! join me in charleston wv - tomorrow! many reports that i will be attending the alvarez khan fight this weekend in vegas. totally untrue! unfortunately i have other plans. i will be interviewed by @bretbaier @specialreport at 6pm et tonight @foxnews. happy #cincodemayo! the best taco bowls are made in trump tower grill. i love hispanics! bernie sanders has been treated terribly by the democratsboth with delegates & otherwise. he should show them & run as an independent. join me tomorrow! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain omaha nebraska: oregon:. can you believe crooked hillary said we are going to put a whole lot of coal miners&coal companies out of business. she then apologized. thank you west virginia. let s keep it going. go out and vote on tuesday - we will win big. #trump2016. unlike crooked hillary clinton who wants to destroy all miners i want wages to go up in america. we will do so by bringing back jobs! governor rick perry said donald trump is one of the most talented people running for the presidency i ve ever seen. thank you rick! so many great endorsements yesterday except for paul ryan! we must put america first and make america great again! @ausbiz: many would say that you are the only talented person running for the top job this time! #makeamericagreatagain #trumptrain. paul ryan said that i inherited something very special the republican party. wrong i didn t inherit it i won it with millions of voters! crooked hillary has zero leadership ability. as bernie sanders says she has bad judgement. constantly playing the women s card - it is sad! thank you to teachers across america! when i become potus we will make education a far more important component of our life than it is now. joe scarborough initially endorsed jeb bush and jeb crashed then john kasich and that didn t work. not much power or insight! i hear @joenbc of rapidly fading @morning joe is pushing hard for a third party candidate to run. this will guarantee a crooked hillary win. response to @lindseygrahamsc:. i hope corrupt hillary clinton chooses goofy elizabeth warren as her running mate. i will defeat them both. lets properly check goofy elizabeth warrens records to see if she is native american. i say shes a fraud! goofy elizabeth warren hillary clintons flunky has a career that is totally based on a lie. she is not native american. just met with courageous family of sarah root in nebraska. sarah was horribly killed by illegal immigrant but leaves behind amazing legacy. crooked hillary clinton wants completely open borders. millions of democrats will run from her over this and support me. goofy elizabeth warren and her phony native american heritage are on a twitter rant. she is too easy! i m driving her nuts. goofy elizabeth warren is weak and ineffective. does nothing. all talk no action -- maybe her native american name? join me in washington today!spokane tickets: tickets:. i am going to keep our jobs in the u.s. and totally rebuild our crumbling infrastructure. crooked hillary has no clue! @teamsters. i am honored that the great men and women of the @teamsters have created a movement from within called teamsters for trump! thank you. remember when the two failed presidential candidates lindsey graham and jeb bush signed a binding pledge? they broke the deal no honor! .@edgoeas thank you for your support tonight on @judgejeanine. @matandsher: i want a leader that will shoot straight with us. the politicians can t. @realdonaldtrump will give his all for us! #happymothersday! i will be interviewed on this week with george s this morning. enjoy! i will be interviewed on @meetthepress this morning. enjoy! .@kellyannepolls kellyanne you were fantastic on @meetthepress today. keep going - i will win for the people. make america great again! crooked hillary just can t close the deal with bernie. it will be the same way with isis and china on trade and mexico at the border. bad! on @seanhannity show @foxnews now. enjoy! i will win the election against crooked hillary despite the people in the republican party that are currently and selfishly opposed to me! i will be interviewed on @newday @cnn at 7:00 a.m. @mathewjmari: on @facethenation #mattschlapp was on the ball & #jenniferrubin is in a time warped stupor. @realdonaldtrump will expand #gop. .@drmoore russell moore is truly a terrible representative of evangelicals and all of the good they stand for. a nasty guy with no heart! i will be interviewed on @cnn at 7:00 a.m. wow i hear @morning joe has gone really hostile ever since i said i won t do or watch the show anymore.they misrepresent my positions! @richbooth6: @realdonaldtrump @cnn good interview mr. trump. you set the facts straight. thank you. will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo on @foxbizalert at 7:30 a.m. enjoy! @nathandwilsonfl: @mariabartiromo you had a great interview with donald today! i started watching your show due to donald trump. @daybastrop @foxandfriends @bretbaier the liars that signed the pledge and now won t support @realdonaldtrump is the reason they are losers. @valdosta monkey: @chriscuomo @realdonaldtrump is chris serious lying or misinformed? bill clinton signed nafta. #wvprimary #votetrump #trump2016. #neprimary #votetrump #trump2016. crooked hillary clinton says that she got more primary votes than donald trump. but i had 17 people to beatshe had one! if i only had 1 person running against me in the primaries like hillary clinton i would have gotten 10 million more votes than she did! i will have set the all time record in primary votes in the republican party --despite having to compete against 17 other people! i am lowering taxes far more than any other candidate. any negotiated increase by congress to my proposal would still be lower than current! thank you jason greenblatt @jasondovesq for our children: let s elect donald trump. @redrising11: i am a woman & i just voted for @realdonaldtrump #nebraskaprimary #trump2016 #trumpforpresident. get out and vote west virginia we will make america great again! get out and vote nebraska we will make america great again! . #repmikekelly great job on @foxandfriends this morning. thank you for the nice words! why does the media with a strong push from crooked hillary keep pushing the false narrative that i want to raise taxes. exactly opposite! it was rosie o donnell who ate the cake in the vicious hillary commercial about me not crooked hillary! @marthamaccallum. it is only the people that were never asked to be vp that tell the press that they will not take the position. nebraska #votetrump today!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. west virginia #votetrump today!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. via @jtanews and jason greenblatt donald trump is a visionary with talents our country needs @jasondovesq. i look very much forward to meeting w paul ryan & the gop party leadership on thurs in dc. together we will beat the dems at all levels! it was so great being in nebraska last week. today is the big day--get out and vote! hillary has bad judgment! the clintons spend millions on negative ads on me & i cant tell the truth about her husband? dont feel sorry for crooked hillary! thank you west virginia!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you nebraska!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. big wins in west virginia and nebraska. get ready for november - crooked hillary who is looking very bad against crazy bernie will lose! i don t want to hit crazy bernie sanders too hard yet because i love watching what he is doing to crooked hillary. his time will come! goofy elizabeth warren has been one of the least effective senators in the entire u.s. senate. she has done nothing! goofy elizabeth warren didnt have the guts to run for potus. her phony native american heritage stops that and vp cold. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thanks piers. if the people of massachusetts found out what an ineffective senator goofy elizabeth warren has been she would lose! goofy elizabeth warren is now using the womans card like her friend crooked hillary. see her dumb tweet when a woman stands up to you. our native american senator goofy elizabeth warren couldnt care less about the american workerdoes nothing to help! goofy elizabeth warren lied when she says i want to abolish the federal minimum wage. see mediaasking for increase! isnt it funny when a failed senator like goofy elizabeth warren can spend a whole day tweeting about trump & gets nothing done in senate? in interview i told @ap that my taxes are under routine audit and i would release my tax returns when audit is complete not after election! if it were up to goofy elizabeth warren wed have no jobs in americashe doesnt have a clue. great day in d.c. with @speakerryan and republican leadership. things working out really well! #trump2016. great meeting with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and republican leaders in d.c. #trump2016. senator lindsey graham called me yesterday very much to my surprise and we had a very interesting talk about national security and more! .@thehill your story about me & the carbon tax is absolutely incorrectit is just the opposite. i will not support or endorse a carbon tax! an incredible honor to receive the endorsement of a person ihave such tremendous respect for. thank you sheldon! if crooked hillary clinton can t close the deal on crazy bernie how is she going to take on china russia isis and all of the others? great new poll- thank you! wow @cnn is really working hard to make me look as bad as possible. very unprofessional. hurting in ratings - bad television! @stranahan: sheldon adelson pledges 100 million to elect trump president - breitbart. thank you for the nice words this morning @kellyriddell. well delivered and totally logical! @cnn @foxnews. the failing @nytimes wrote yet another hit piece on me. all are impressed with how nicely i have treated women they found nothing. a joke! @queencharlotteo: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes i m a women & i 100 support @realdonaldtrump & i have since the beginning. thank you! @mrtohney: leicester & donaldtrump seem to have the same trajectory both were written off but they keep scaling the heights. history? @distlerjoyce: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes ohio women for trump. everyone is laughing at the @nytimes for the lame hit piece they did on me and women.i gave them many names of women i helped-refused to use. @tzard000: @realdonaldtrump @nytimes everyone continues to pile onto donald but they can never take away our votes! thank you! @takingit back: @nytimes keep shining....the ppl will not let the media dim your light...we no longer believe them! #trump2016 thanks. why doesn t the failing @nytimes write the real story on the clintons and women? the media is totally dishonest! wow i have had so many calls from high ranking people laughing at the stupidity of the failing @nytimes piece. massive front page for that! why did the failing @nytimes refuse to use any of the names given to them that i was so proud to have helped with their careers. dishonest! the media is really on a witch-hunt against me. false reporting and plenty of it - but we will prevail! thank you georgia! see you soon!#trump2016. the @washingtonpost report on potential vp candidates is wrong. marco rubio and most others mentioned are not under consideration. great new poll- thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the dems. the system is rigged against him. he should run as an independent! run bernie run. that was an amazing interview on @foxandfriends - i hope the rest of the media picks it up to show how totally dishonest the @nytimes is! the @nytimes is so dishonest. their hit piece cover story on me yesterday was just blown up by rowanne brewer who said it was a lie! wow rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday was on @foxandfriends saying times lied. a political commentator for @cnn which i no longer watch said trump showed some weakness in the repub primaries. i set all-time record! with the coming forward today of the woman central to the failing @nytimes hit piece on me we have exposed the article as a fraud! thank you anthony @scaramucci @wsj the entrepreneur s case for trump. rowanne brewer the most prominently depicted woman in the failing @nytimes story yesterday joined @foxandfriends. the failing @nytimes is greatly embarrassed by the totally dishonest story they did on my relationship with women. no wonder the @nytimes is failingwho can believe what they write after the false malicious & libelous story they did on me. over 50 women were interviewed by the @nytimes yet they only wrote about 6. thats because there were so many positive statements. the writer of the now proven false story in the @nytimes michael barbaro who was interviewed on cbs this morning was unable to respond. in politics and in life ignorance is not a virtue. this is a primary reason that president obama is the worst president in u.s. history! i gave a woman named barbara res a top n.y. construction job when that was unheard of and now she is nasty. so much for a nice thank you! what barbara res does not say is that she would call my company endlessly and for years trying to come back. i said no. @aprillajune: oregon votes today! go vote for @realdonaldtrump and kick it big time! wow 30000 e-mails were deleted by crooked hillary clinton. she said they had to do with a wedding reception. liar! how can she run? the pathetic new hit ad against me misrepresents the final line. you can tell them to go blank themselves - was about china not women! crooked hillary clinton put out an ad where i am misquoted on women. can t believe she would misrepresent the facts! my hit was on china. oregon is voting today. keep the big numbers going - vote trump! make america great again! amazing that crooked hillary can do a hit ad on me concerning women when her husband was the worst abuser of woman in u.s. political history. crooked hillary can t close the deal with bernie sanders. will be another bad day for her! #votetrump at clerk s offices & 185 ballot drop boxes in #orprimary!closes at 8pm! crooked hillary said her husband is going to be in charge of the economy.if so he should runnot her.will he bring the energizer to d.c.? how can crooked hillary put her husband in charge of the economy when he was responsible for nafta the worst economic deal in u.s. history? i look forward to watching @megynkelly tonight 8 pm et. it will be interesting to see how she treats mei think she will be very fair. i will be live tweeting my interview with @megynkelly on the fox network tonight at 8! enjoy! do you think crooked hillary will finally close the deal? if she can t win kentucky she should drop out of race. system rigged! wall street paid for ad is a fraud just like crooked hillary! their main line had nothing to do with women and they knew it. apologize? i will be live tweeting @megynkelly show in 10 minutes. should be interesting. will be on fox network! enjoy! @trumptrainrider: .@realdonaldtrump watching you on fox with @megynkelly now. can t wait to hear what you two talked about. @xgodfatherxzx: @realdonaldtrump amazing on megan kelly thanks. @ragdollive: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump what s with the soft wimpy questions?!? it s not a therapy session ..!! not really soft at all! @manakoa:donaldtrump you are fearless! this interview shows you are the leader we need. @megynkelly is a tough interview! respect to both. @wesleyfelixpsi: @realdonaldtrump speaks from the heart 4 all of america.his intention is for a positive future 4 all. @foxnews @megynkelly. @hffoundation4: @realdonaldtrump one thing we know for sure @berniesanders supporters will turn to #trump - absolutely not @hillaryclinton. @longbyfive: @realdonaldtrump great interview with @megynkelly ! thanks. @sandrar67758219: @realdonaldtrump you are a fighter and we love that about you! don t listen to these people who want you to change! @gerriweth: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump made me feel good to hear you both so gracious. great job. @curtandkaren: kudos to @megynkelly and @realdonaldtrump for rising above the drama and coming together. very respectful and classy. @ladyjoanne: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megan please don t lose it for america for us! @ladyjoanne: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump we need trump more then ever megyn. thanks. @frankdallasagg: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump trump is a great man and is fighting for we the people! @jlund04: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump it was refreshing to see you both in a different light. well done. @johnkirtley: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain thank you for this discourse. wounds have been healed. great job! @kaceyilliot1669: @realdonaldtrump we actually really do love you! great! @janik1968: @realdonaldtrump @speakerryan watched the megan kelly special and i must say..it was very well done on both their parts. @ladytsbrug: lovely interview mr. trump! @realdonaldtrump thanks. @markgruber1960: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump that s why he is so successful. he is driven to succeed true! @johnjohnlacca: donald u have done a terrific job so far on the interview. cannot wait until u r president #megynkellypresents. @svhlevi: @diamondandsilk @realjeffreylord @realdonaldtrump @cnn and we love you diamond and silk i do also! @costakenneth: @megynkelly @realdonaldtrump great interview megyn. @thydanielflores: .@megynkelly @realdonaldtrump best interview that i have ever seen. i like michael douglas! @mai ttag: great interview! happy you had a chance to show the other side of you. never change never forget you are our messenger! @jrector34: @realdonaldtrump amazing job. will go back on for a final question now! well that is it. well done megyn --- and they all lived happily ever after! now let us all see how the movement does in oregon tonight! @cowboysfortrump: @christichat @rockprincess818 @realdonaldtrump that man is a pillar of strength and will be perfect as our next president. i can t believe that @cnn would allow the very nice jeffrey lord to be savaged by a panel of seven trump haters. 7 to 1 - don t watch cnn! i look so forward to debating crooked hillary clinton! democrat primaries are rigged e-mail investigation is rigged - so time to get it on! @michael favreau: @jis3 @realdonaldtrump he will destroy hillary but why give cnn record breaking ratings cnn can go to hell. trump 2016. michael barbaro the author of the now discredited @nytimes hit piece on me with women has in past tweeted badly about me. he should resign. @sandrajeanne48: no way i believe trump at 70 disapproval with women. went to 3 rallies. at least 1 2 women. msm lies @thefive. @loudobbs: hillary just handed @realdonaldtrump a huge gift: promising to put bubba in charge of the economy! #makeamericagreatagain! thank you oregon! #trump2016 #makeamericagreatagain. congratulations to the movement we have just won the great state of oregon. the vote percentage is even higher than anticipated! thank you. @magicmetalninja: the trump movement will not be stopped. we support trump because he is a true american looking out for #americafirst. @shoneep: @realdonaldtrump trump for president! bernie is a joke knows nothing - and hillary is yesterday s and today s nightmare. paul begala the dopey @cnn flunky and head of the pro-hillary clinton super pac has knowingly committed fraud in his first ad against me. bernie sanders is being treated very badly by the democrats - the system is rigged against him. many of his disenfranchised fans are for me! why did clinton supporter @alisonforky declare crooked hillary winner in ky when ap hasn t even called the race? thank you arizona! see you soon!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you louisiana! #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. some low-life journalist claims that i made a pass at her 29 years ago. never happened! like the @nytimes story which has become a joke! my list of potential u.s. supreme court justices was very well recieved. during the next number of weeks i may be adding to the list! looks like yet another terrorist attack. airplane departed from paris. when will we get tough smart and vigilant? great hate and sickness! how quality a woman is rowanne brewer lane to have exposed the @nytimes as a disgusting fraud? thank you rowanne. thank you @ltstevenlrogers. we will respond to terrorism with strength in 2017! i said that crooked hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because she has very bad judgement - bernie said the same thing! crooked hillary has zero imagination and even less stamina. isis china russia and all would love for her to be president. 4 more years! look where the world is today a total mess and isis is still running around wild. i can fix it fast hillary has no chance! crooked hillary clinton looks presidential? i don t think so! four more years of obama and our country will never come back. isis laughs! crooked hillary can t even close the deal with bernie - and the dems have it rigged in favor of hillary. four more years of this? no way! a call for unity by jason greenblatt @jasondovesq. i am on my way! see you all soon! crooked hillary clinton- discussing the #secondamendment at a private event. #2a cc: @nra. thanks @piersmorgan! trump is the most unpredictable extraordinary entertaining&massively popular candidate this country has ever seen. failing @nytimes will always take a good story about me and make it bad. every article is unfair and biased. very sad! thank you! an honor to be the first candidate ever endorsed by the @nra- prior to @gopconvention! #trump2016 #2a. great day in kentucky with wayne lapierre chris cox & the @nra! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. thank you for your wonderful endorsement today @tgowdysc. it means a great deal to me. we will not disappoint! #trump2016. @montgomeriefdn: @trumpturnberry best links course in britain. ailsa course opens june 16 can t wait to play it. @montgomeriefdn colin great to have you at trump turnberry. so proud of you and your great playing! you made winning majors look easy! thank you @thetodaysgolfer for the wonderful statement that the new par 3 9th hole @trump turnberry could be the most dramatic in britain. crooked hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the 2nd amendment. no gun owner can ever vote for clinton! crooked hillary is spending tremendous amounts of wall street money on false ads against me. she is a very dishonest person! while our wonderful president was out playing golf all day the tsa is falling apart just like our government! airports a total disaster! crooked hillary wants to get rid of all guns and yet she is surrounded by bodyguards who are fully armed. no more guns to protect hillary! @rbacliff: hillary wants to rip the guns out of america s hands. no guns no protection. get on #trumptrain & join @nra to stop her. .@cnn is so negative getting even worse as i get closer. just had two anti-trump losers with zero rebuttal from my team. turning off! make america great again! crooked hillary clintons foreign interventions unleashed isis in syria iraq and libya. she is reckless and dangerous! thank you to all of the men and women who have served our country. you are our true heroes! #armedforcesday. @dubilujane: i trust @realdonaldtrump more anyone ever to protect america.he will do the right thing for the u.s.a without a doubt. crooked hillary said that i want guns brought into the school classroom. wrong! hillary clinton is not qualified to be president because her judgement has been proven to be so bad! would be four more years of stupidity! why do the networks continue to put dopey @billkristol on panels when he has called every single shot about me wrong for 2 yrs? how can crooked hillary say she cares about women when she is silent on radical islam which horribly oppresses women? crooked hillary wants a radical 500 increase in syrian refugees. we cant allow this. time to get smart and protect america! join me on wednesday may 25th at the anaheim convention center!#trump2016 #maga tickets:. bernie sanders is continuing his quest because he believes that crooked hillary clinton will be forced out of the race - e-mail scandal! the american people are sick and tired of not being able to lead normal lives and to constantly be on the lookout for terror and terrorists! thank you america! #trump2016. in trade military and everything else it will be america first! this will quickly lead to our ultimate goal: make america great again! is hillary really protecting women? obamas va secretary just said we shouldn t measurewait times. hillary says va problems are not widespread. i will take care ofour vets! i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! join me in california or montana!5 25 16: anaheim california billings montana. while under no obligation to do so i have raised between 5 & 6 million dollars including 1million dollars from me for our veterans. nice! much of the money i have raised for our veterans has already been distributed with the rest to go shortly to various other veteran groups. amazingly with all of the money i have raised for the vets i have got nothing but bad publicity from the dishonest and disgusting media. i just released my financial disclosure forms the largest numbers in the history of the f.e.c. even the dishonest media thinks great! crooked hillary clinton overregulates overtaxes and doesn t care about jobs. most importantly she suffers from plain old bad judgement! a great new book has been written about crooked hillary. read it & you will never be able to vote for her. @ed klein. a wonderfully written article concerning israel by @jasondovesq. a suggestion for the dishonest media-. thank you @dailymail- for setting the failing @nytimes story straight. this is what the nyt s should have written! after raising w no obligation almost 6m for vets i couldn t believe protesters formed @ trump tower. just out- sent by crooked hillary! great honor to receive today s endorsement of @ricksantorum. really nice! #trump2016. thank you washington! #trump2016#makeamericagreatagain. great rally in new mexico amazing crowd! now in l.a. big rally in anaheim. @elizabethforma goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas because she faked the fact she is native american is a lowlife! @tcloer11: @realdonaldtrump great job! make america great again! @jknatter: @realdonaldtrump #trumptrain. @oasisupernova: @realdonaldtrump up to 8.4 million followers. can t stop the #trumptrain #makeamericagreatagain. @deepaks76435750: @realdonaldtrump congratulations from india. @pipersul: great speech tonight mr.trump! good luck in california! thank you. @buiidthewall: @realdonaldtrump high energy! @gordonsr1052: washington big thank you for supporting trump! we are all going to help trump make america great again! trump2016! @elizabethforma goofy elizabeth warren sometimes known as pocahontas bought foreclosed housing and made a quick killing. total hypocrite! goofy senator elizabeth warren @elizabethforma has done less in the u.s. senate than practically any other senator. all talk no action! crooked hillary clinton just can t close the deal with bernie. i had to knock out 16 very good and smart candidates. hillary doesn t have it. the protesters in new mexico were thugs who were flying the mexican flag. the rally inside was big and beautiful but outside criminals! thank you washington! honored to say on behalf of our great movement we have broken the all time record for votes in gop primary history. thank you anaheim california!#trump2016. the inspector general s report on crooked hillary clinton is a disaster. such bad judgement and temperament cannot be allowed in the w.h. .@kimguilfoyle- just watched you on @outnumberedfnc- thank you! thank you mr. & mrs. @tombarrackjr for the wonderful and magical evening last night. it will not be forgotten. #trump2016. i find it offensive that goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be native american to get in harvard. thank you! #trump2016. celebrating 1237! #trump2016. my wife @melaniatrump and my children will be featured on @foxnews with @greta- 7pme. enjoy!#meetthetrumps #trump2016. today we together won the republican nomination for president! poll data shows that @marcorubio does by far the best in holding onto his senate seat in florida. important to keep the majority. run marco! an america first energy plan#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. bill o reilly doing a major special on @oreillyfactor tonight- @foxnews at 8pme. watch it should be good! #trump2016. i am on @oreillyfactor tonight a big special. @foxnews at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! wow- 25000 in san diego california!thank you!! #trump2016. thank you @billyjoel- many friends just told me you gave a very kind shoutout at msg. appreciate it- love your music! .@sandiegopd- fantastic job on handling the thugs who tried to disrupt our very peaceful and well attended rally. greatly appreciated! obama administration fails to screen syrian refugees social media accounts:. great rally in fresno california- great crowd! thank you! #trump2016. the u.s. has 69 treaties with other countries where we would have to defend them and their borders. how nice but what do we get? not enough. i we broke the all-time record for most votes gotten in a republican primary - by a lot - and with many states left to go! thank you. the failing @nytimes wrote a story about my management style & that i don t have many people. i have 73 hillary has 800- & i m beating her. the media is on a new phony kick about my management style. i spend much less money & get much better results! what we need as prez! i am always on the front page of the failing @nytimes but when i won the gop nomination i m in the back of the paper. very dishonest! don t believe the biased and phony media quoting people who work for my campaign. the only quote that matters is a quote from me! does president obama ever discuss the sneak attack on pearl harbor while he s in japan? thousands of american lives lost. #mdw. honor memorial day by thinking of and respecting all of the great men and women that gave their lives for us and our country! we love them. heading to d.c. to see and hear rolling thunder. amazing people that love our country. great spirit! good news is that my campaign has perhaps more cash than any campaign in the history of politics- b c i stand 100 behind everything we do. bill kristol has been wrong for 2yrs-an embarrassed loser but if the gop can t control their own then they are not a party. be tough r s! the republican party has to be smart & strong if it wants to win in november. can t allow lightweights to set up a spoiler indie candidate! if dummy bill kristol actually does get a spoiler to run as an independent say good bye to the supreme court! obama says a wall at our southern border won t enhance our security wrong and yet he now wants to build a much bigger wall fence at w.h. in getting the endorsement of the 16500 border patrol agents thank you the statement was made that the wall was very necessary! the endorsement of me by the 16500 border patrol agents was the first time that they ever endorsed a presidential candidate. nice! @teapartynevada: #trump2016 illegals are taken care of better than our veterans. @scottwrasmussen: donald trump and bikers share affection at rolling thunder rally a great day in d.c.! @mariaernandez3b: trump supports rolling thunder rally #trump strong so true and remember the m.i.a. s! @frankylamouche: how many of donald s rolling thunder brigade will sign up and go to war for him in the middle east. @nbcdfw: trump rallies veterans at annual rolling thunder gathering. have a great memorial day and remember that we will soon make america great again! i would have had millions of votes more in the primaries than crooked hillary if i only had one opponent instead of sixteen. broke record. i hope everyone had a great memorial day! i have a judge in the trump university civil case gonzalo curiel san diego who is very unfair. an obama pick. totally biased-hates trump. i should have easily won the trump university case on summary judgement but have a judge gonzalo curiel who is totally biased against me. so many great things happening - new poll numbers looking good! news conference at 11:00 a.m. today trump tower! i have raised given a tremendous amount of money to our great veterans and have got nothing but bad publicity for doing so. watch! just finished a press conference in trump tower wherein i gave information on which veterans groups got the 5600000 that i raised gave! so many veterans groups are beyond happy with all of the money i raised gave! it was my great honor - they do an amazing job. join me in sacramento california-tomorrow evening @ 7pm! #trump2016. i will be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews. enjoy! katie couric the third rate reporter who has been largely forgotten should be ashamed of herself for the fraudulent editing of her doc. i am getting great credit for my press conference today. crooked hillary should be admonished for not having a press conference in 179 days. congratulations to @seanhannity on his tremendous increase in television ratings. speaking of ratings- i will be on his show tonight @ 10pe. so i raised gave 5600000 for the veterans and the media makes me look bad! they do anything to belittle - totally biased. join me in san jose california- tomorrow evening at 7pm! #makeamericagreatagain #trump2016. crooked hillary clinton is a fraud who has put the public and country at risk by her illegal and very stupid use of e-mails. many missing! same failing @nytimes reporter who wrote discredited women s story last week wrote another terrible story on me today- will never learn! thank you sacramento california! #makeamericagreatagain. @scpioneer: @stockdaleism @jamesrosenfnc @foxnews @realdonaldtrump not for slackers! happy w courses i took. thanks. @halodad22: @realdonaldtrump i already voted for you! my wife did as well! i represent #teachers4trump! we represent #ca4trump! #neverdems. crooked hillary clinton has zero natural talent - she should not be president. her temperament is bad and her decision making ability-zilch! bernie sanders was right when he said that crooked hillary clinton was not qualified to be president because she suffers from bad judgement! do you ever notice that @cnn gives me very little proper representation on my policies. just watched-nobody knew anything about my foreign p. wow usa today did todays cover story on my record in lawsuits. verdict: 450 wins 38 losses. isn t that what you want for your president? join me in san jose california- tonight!#makeamericagreatagain #trump2016tickets:. with all of the crooked hillary clinton s foreign policy experience she has made so many mistakes - and i mean real monsters! no more hrc. even though i have a very biased and unfair judge in the trump u civil case in san diego i have thousands of great reviews & will win case! after the litigation is disposed of and the case won i have instructed my execs to open trump u ? so much interest in it! i will be pres. crooked hillary clinton who i would love to call lyin hillary is getting ready to totally misrepresent my foreign policy positions. crooked hillary no longer has credibility - too much failure in office. people will not allow another four years of incompetence! bad performance by crooked hillary clinton! reading poorly from the telepromter! she doesn t even look presidential! so great to have the endorsement and support of paul ryan. we will both be working very hard to make america great again! a 60 increase in texas blue cross blue shield through obamacare. i told you so there is panic and anger as healthcare costs explode! @free sa bd: @realdonaldtrump a vote for trump is a vote to restore our great country. @tayloredwards99: this is @potus s legacy! an absolute disaster!!! we need @realdonaldtrump now!! #maga #trump2016. @valenti317: @realdonaldtrump she s a criminal and you re the only person that can stop her. @robertmordica: @realdonaldtrump only trump can save america. right leader at the right time. thank you! .@natalie gulbis- thank you for the nice piece in @sinow @golf com.keep up the great work! join me in redding california- tomorrow at 1:00pm. #trump2016tickets:. on june 22- i will be going to scotland to celebrate the opening of the newly renovated @trumpturnberry resort the worlds best. after @trumpturnberry i will be visiting aberdeen the oil capital of europe to see my great club @trumpscotland. after @trumpscotland i will visit @trumpdoonbeg in ireland the magnificent resort fronting on the atlantic ocean. then on june 25th- back to the usa to make america great again! @crz4basball: @judgejeanine @realdonaldtrump looks like several legal hispanics supporting trump! they know he will be good for them too. @angeloftruth11: clinton says trump is dangerous. who s the one who killed 4 americans in benghazi? @lunsfordwhitney: this is rich coming from her. she tweeted you will be president! #women4ttump #trump2016. @liliannyleebou: i think the first female president of the usa will be @ivankatrump a beautiful intelligent young genuine successful lady! @fivestarr6028: yes! hubby and i voted 4 @realdonaldtrump already! thank you. terrible jobs report just reported. only 38000 jobs added. bombshell! rally last night in san jose was great. tremendous love and enthusiasm in the hall. big crowd. outside small group of thugs burned am flag! i don t watch or do @morning joe anymore. small audience low ratings! i hear mika has gone wild with hate. joe is joe. they lost their way! in crooked hillary s telepromter speech yesterday she made up things that i said or believe but have no basis in fact. not honest! i m a former chief of police in a border town. i m hispanic i m proud to be hispanic and i m 100 behind trump. so much interest in my visit to scotland! i greatly look forward to attending the opening event @trumpturnberry- taking place on june 24th. great evening in san jose other than the thugs. my supporters are far tougher if they want to be but fortunately they are not hostile. thank you redding california!#makeamericagreatagain #caprimary. muhammad ali is dead at 74! a truly great champion and a wonderful guy. he will be missed by all! @rapidcraft: heres the hillary university scandal no one in the media is talking about @realdonaldtrump. @don vito 08: thank you mr. trump for standing up for our country! #votetrump2016 join me on the #trumptrain. many of the thugs that attacked the peaceful trump supporters in san jose were illegals. they burned the american flag and laughed at police. the mayor of san jose did a terrible job of ordering the protection of innocent people. the thugs were lucky supporters remained peaceful! we just had the worst jobs report since 2010. thank you attorney general gonzales so many people feel this way. @sareed59: our ineffective #potus has to make a speech in #elkhart to make everything look great. mr. trump #makeamericagreatagain. the clinton news network sometimes referred to as @cnn is getting more and more biased.they act so indignant-hear them behind closed doors. i am watching @cnn very little lately because they are so biased against me. shows are predictable garbage! cnn and msm is one big lie! hillary clinton is unfit to be president. she has bad judgement poor leadership skills and a very bad and destructive track record. change! people like @katyturnbc report on my campaign but have zero access. they say what they want without any knowledge.true of so much of media! just like i have been able to spend far less money than others on the campaign and finish #1 so too should our country. we can be great! crooked hillary clinton has not held a news conference in more than 7 months. her record is so bad she is unable to answer tough questions! crooked hillary is being badly criticized for a wall street paid for ad by politifact for a false ad on me on women. she is a total fraud! a massive blow to obama s message - only 38000 new jobs for month in just issued jobs report. that s really bad! i am getting bad marks from certain pundits because i have a small campaign staff. but small is good flexible save money and number one! remembering the fallen heroes on #dday - june 6 1944. thank you diamond and silk! see when i said nato was obsolete because of no terrorism protection they made the change without giving me credit. a former secret service agent for president clinton excoriates crooked hillary describing her as erratic & violent. bad temperament for pres. in just out book secret service agent gary byrne doesn t believe that crooked hillary has the temperament or integrity to be the president! thank you! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! i will be interviewed tonight on @seanhannity - enjoy! 10:00 p.m. i will be speaking about our great journey to the republican nomination at 9:00 p.m. the movement toward a country that wins again continues. thank you montana! #trump2016. thank you new jersey! #trump2016. thank you south dakota! #trump2016. thank you new mexico! #trump2016. thank you california! #trump2016. @djd thunder: standing by @realdonaldtrump all the way to the white house! @wolfstopper: gee ... does this make @realdonaldtrump right one more time? thank you to all for your wonderful comments on my speech. i could feel the electricity in thr air. great reviews - most votes ever recieved. @southpaw816: @sensanders fans greatest way to get even with her highness - vote for @realdonaldtrump at least you ll have a job. nobody is watching @morning joe anymore. gone off the deep end - bad ratings. you won t believe what i am watching now! @joedefranco: top rino hack for msnbc joey scarborough on the air and calling the next president trump a racist and bigot. shame on you. @jimhewitt: . @frankcaliendo doing @realdonaldtrump on @mikeandmike is awesome. number one presidency of all time. @sara wejesa: @realdonaldtrump great speach!!!!!!! thanks! @mariadaq: historic!! what s historic is our national debt record unemployment &pocketbook crisis!the people need trump2 make usa rich! @lovusa4: @richardweaving why @foxandfriends @newday where is the reporting @realdonaldtrump most votes for president in history of usa. make america great again!#americafirst #trump2016. @setfire2flames: senator sanders spent more than @realdonaldtrump yet lost. @nauthizjane: @realdonaldtrump congratulations mr. trump. thank you! i would have had many millions of votes more than crooked hillary clinton except for the fact that i had 16 opponents she had one! @dale dangler: @realdonaldtrump you will be the greatest president the world has ever seen thanks. @mabynshingleton: johnkasich the voters have spoken.we want @realdonaldtrump. you agreed to support nominee. get on board or leave @gop. bernie sanders must really dislike crooked hillary after the way she played him. many of his supporters because of trade will come to me. @kathyceurter: @realdonaldtrump please mr.trump make @senatorjeffsessions your vp. he is a perfect running mate. he is a great guy! as expected the media is very much against me. their dishonesty is amazing but just like our big wins in the primaries we will win! crooked hillary clinton will be a disaster on jobs the economy trade healthcare the military guns and just about all else. obama plus! obama just endorsed crooked hillary. he wants four more years of obamabut nobody else does! a message of condolences and support regarding the terrorist attacks in tel aviv:. how long did it take your staff of 823 people to think that up--and where are your 33000 emails that you deleted? thank you roseanne very much appreciated. join me! #trump20166 10: richmond tampa pittsburgh. @freemarketsara: trump s historic 13 million primary votes - a record ... congratulations @realdonaldtrump. pocahontas is at it again! goofy elizabeth warren one of the least productive u.s. senators has a nasty mouth. hope she is v.p. choice. @foxnews: .@jamesrosenfnc: never before has a president endorsed someone under investigation by @thejusticedept. @ausbiz: record 14 million primary votes beat 16 opponents financed own campaign. you will be a great potus & #makeamericagreatagain. join me! 6 10: richmond va - 8pm6 11: tampa fl - 11am6 11: pittsburgh pa - 3pm6 13: portsmouth nh - 2:30pm. the great boxing promoter don king just endorsed me. nice! donald trump plans to continue goplegacy of leading on womens civil rights against racist sexist democrats. heading to d.c. to speak at faith and freedom coalition and visit opo. 2004 video:pocahontas describing crooked hillary clinton as a corporate donor puppet. time for change! #trump2016. i rarely agree with president obama- however he is 100 correct about crooked hillary clinton. great ad! #flashbackfriday #crookedhillary. heading to richmond virginia now. join me tonight! #trump2016tickets:. thank you @faithandfreedom coalition! an honor joining you today- to discuss our shared values.#rtm2016 #trump2016. thank you richmond virginia! #trump2016. mitt romney had his chance to beat a failed president but he choked like a dog. now he calls me racist-but i am least racist person there is. don king and so many other african americans who know me well and endorsed me would not have done so if they thought i was a racist! in tampa florida- thank you to all of our outstanding volunteers who want to #makeamericagreatagain! sad case- @usatoday did article saying i don t pay bills- false only don t pay when work is shoddy bad or not done! they should do same! thank you tampa florida!#americafirst #trumptrain. thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #americafirst. thank you pittsburgh pennsylvania! will be back soon! #americafirst. join me on tuesday- in greensboro north carolina! #trump2016 #americafirst. riley rone was a great young man. we will miss him dearly. goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas pretended to be a native american in order to advance her career. very racist! really bad shooting in orlando. police investigating possible terrorism. many people dead and wounded. clinton made a false ad about me where i was imitating a reporter groveling after he changed his story. i would never mock disabled. shame! horrific incident in fl. praying for all the victims & their families. when will this stop? when will we get tough smart & vigilant? appreciate the congrats for being right on radical islamic terrorism i don t want congrats i want toughness & vigilance. we must be smart! is president obama going to finally mention the words radical islamic terrorism? if he doesn t he should immediately resign in disgrace! reporting that orlando killer shouted allah hu akbar! as he slaughtered clubgoers. 2nd man arrested in la with rifles near gay parade. @wandawalls20: @realdonaldtrump please make us safe. we cannot have hillary as president. we will be in so much trouble. what has happened in orlando is just the beginning. our leadership is weak and ineffective. i called it and asked for the ban. must be tough. i have been hitting obama and crooked hillary hard on not using the term radical islamic terror. hillary just broke-said she would now use! i will be going to new hampshire today home of my first primary victory to discuss terror and the horrible events of yesterday. 2:30 p.m. i am watching @foxnews and how fairly they are treating me and my words and @cnn and the total distortion of my words and what i am saying. congratulations to the 2016 #stanleycup champions pittsburgh @penguins! terrorism immigration and national security speech- transcript:. i am no fan of president obama but to show you how dishonest the phony washington post is:. based on the incredibly inaccurate coverage and reporting of the record setting trump campaign we are hereby:. in my speech on protecting america i spoke about a temporary ban which includes suspending immigration from nations tied to islamic terror. i thought people werent celebrating? they were cheering all over even this savage from orlando. i was right. saudi arabia and many of the countries that gave vast amounts of money to the clinton foundation- cont d:. crooked hillary says we must call on saudi arabia and other countries to stop funding hate. i am calling on- cont d:. join me in atlanta on wednesday- at noon! #trump2016tickets:. american must now get very tough very smart and very vigilant. we cannot admit people into our country without extraordinary screening. america first! thank you to the lgbt community! i will fight for you while hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs. happy 241st birthday to the @usarmy! thank you! tonight! north carolina: georgia: nevada:. thank you greensboro north carolina! will be back soon! #americafirst. an: media fell all over themselves criticizing what donaldtrump may have insinuated about @potus. but he s right:. the press is so totally biased that we have no choice but to take our tough but fair and smart message directly to the people! i will be meeting with the nra who has endorsed me about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list or the no fly list to buy guns. thank you atlanta georgia! will be back soon! #americafirst. join me in dallas texas on thursday!#americafirst #trump2016. finally an accurate story from the washington post! i will be interviewed on @greta at 7:00 p.m. @foxnews. @realericjallen: @realdonaldtrump is a common sense conservative! president trump competence safety unity & us jobs jobs job. mcallen texas- 8 miles from u.s. - mexico border. #trump2016 video:. the trade deficit rose to a 7yr high thanks to horrible trade policies clinton supports. i will fix it fast- jobs! donald trumps speech is a game changer. join me in houston texas tomorrow night at 7pm! tickets:. houston tx: vegas nv az:. thank you dallas texas! @votetrumpmaga: the media attack on @realdonaldtrump is relentless. they are desperate. but they keep #trump in the news - a good thing. amazing crowd last night in dallas - more spirit and passion than ever before. today all over the great state of texas! people very unhappy with crooked hillary and obama on jobs and safety! biggest trade deficit in many years! more attacks will follow orlando. make america great again! make america safe again! thank you! #americafirst. join me in phoenix arizona tomorrow at 4pm! #trump2016 #americafirst. thank you @dallaspd! thank you- on my way! the convention in cleveland will be amazing! thank you! #americafirst. thank you houston texas! #americafirst #trump2016. join me in phoenix arizona today at 4pm! #trump2016 #americafirst. in las vegas getting ready to speak! thank you las vegas nevada!#trump2016 #americafirst. make america great again! make america safe again!#trump2016 #americafirst. i love you arizona! thank you!#trump2016 #americafirst. see you soon arizona! #trump2016. donald trump s speech is a game changer. #trump2016. how can the ny times show an empty room hours before my speech even started when they knew it was going to be packed? so totally dishonest! yesterday s failing @nytimes fraudulently shows an empty room prior to my speech when in fact it was packed! @bfraser747: watch out hillaryclinton support @realdonaldtrump #makeamericagreatagain. .@djohnsonpga we are so proud of you dustin. your reaction under pressure was amazing. first of many majors. you are a true champion! when i said that if within the orlando club you had some people with guns i was obviously talking about additional guards or employees. crooked hillary clinton is totally unfit to be our president-really bad judgement and a temperament according to new book which is a mess! i will be making a big speech tomorrow to discuss the failed policies and bad judgment of crooked hillary clinton. hillary says this election is about judgment. she s right. her judgement has killed thousands unleashed isis and wrecked the economy. hillary clinton surged the trade deficit with china 40 assecretary of state costing americans millions of jobs. how can hillary run the economy when she can t even send emails without putting entire nation at risk? hillary clinton s open borders immigration policies will drive down wages for all americans - and make everyone less safe. obama-clinton inherited 10t in debt and turned it into nearly 20t. they have bankrupted. i am the king of debt. that has been great for me as a businessman but is bad for the country. i made a fortune off of debt will fix u.s. hillary took money and did favors for regimes that enslave women and murder gays. if you want to know about hillary clinton s honesty & judgment ask the family of ambassador stevens. hillary defrauded america as secy of state. she used it as a personal hedge fund to get herself rich! corrupt dangerous dishonest. i will be interviewed by @loudobbs tonight on @foxbusiness 7pm et. crooked hillary refuses to say that she will be raising taxes beyond belief! she will be a disaster for jobs and the economy! @chrisboydbrew: @loudobbs @realdonaldtrump @foxbusiness.. saw your interview.you are the best! great questions great answers lou is great. hillary says things can t change. i say they have to change. it s a choice between americanism and her corrupt globalism. #imwithyou. #imwithyou. #imwithyou. @justininglv: @realdonaldtrump great speech today!! it s all about america and that s why you will become president!!!! thank you. @1lion: brilliant 3 word response to hillary s i m with you slogan @realdonaldtrump. @allegrettivicki: you have great children future presidents...and we all see were raised right and out there for their father. thank you. thank you to donald rumsfeld for the endorsement. very much appreciated. clinton s conduct has been disqualifying. hillary clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency. -- donald j. trump. isis threatens us today because of the decisions hillary clinton has made along with president obama. -- donald j. trump. hillary lies to benghazi families#crookedhillary. sc has kept us safe from exec amnesty--for now. but hillary has pledged to expand it taking jobs from hispanic & african-american workers. hillary clintons open borders are tearing american families apart. i am going to make our country safe again for all americans. #imwithyou. obama & clinton should stop meeting with special interests & start meeting with the victims of illegal immigration. on immigration im consulting with our immigration officers& our wage-earners. hillary clinton is consulting with wall street. our inner cities have been left behind. we will never have the resources to support our people if we have an open border. cnn which is totally biased in favor of clinton should apologize. they knew they were wrong. here is another cnn lie. the clinton news network is losing all credibility. im not watching it much anymore. read my full statement here on the supreme court s executive amnesty decision #imwithyou. meet the amazing mother whose letter i read during my speech. she lost her son to policies supported by clinton. leaving now for a one night trip to scotland in order to be at the grand opening of my great turnberry resort. will be back on sat. night! congratulations to my son eric on the fantastic job he has done in rebuilding turnberry and its great ailsa course. always support kids! just arrived in scotland. place is going wild over the vote. they took their country back just like we will take america back. no games! statement regarding british referendum on e.u. membership. getting ready to open the magnificent turnberry in scotland. what a great day especially when added to the brave & brilliant vote. self-determination is the sacred right of all free people s and the people of the uk have exercised that right for all the world to see. america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder w a free & ind uk. we stand together as friends as allies & as a people w a shared history. new government data by the center for immigration studies shows more than 3m new legal & illegal immigrants settled.. i want all americans to succeed together. president obama s illegal executive amnesty undermines job prospects for... crooked hillary called it totally wrong on brexit - she went with obama - and now she is saying we need her to lead. she would be a disaster. the opening of trump turnberry in scotland was a big success. good timing i was here for brexit. very exciting news conference today! many people are equating brexit and what is going on in great britain with what is happening in the u.s. people want their country back! @darrenwaggener: @realdonaldtrump what has happened in the uk in the last 12 hours is exactly what will happen in november..vote trump 2016. @jolena3: @realdonaldtrump and we will get it back once we have president trump! can t wait! thoughts and prayers are with everyone in west virginia- dealing with the devastating floods. #imwithyou. so funny crooked hillary called brexit so incorrectly and now she says that she is the one to deal with the u.k. all talk no action! arriving @trumpscotland with @donaldjtrumpjr & @erictrump. back to new york tonight. video:. on the 13th tee box @trumpscotland with my grand daughter kai! @donaldjtrumpjr. thank you to everyone who came out & joined us @trumpturnberry yesterday! @erictrump @ivankatrump @donaldjtrumpjr. we must suspend immigration from regions linked with terrorism until a proven vetting method is in place. we only want to admit those who love our people and support our values. #americafirst. i have never liked the media term mass deportation -- but we must enforce the laws of the land! obama has blocked ice officers and bp from doing their jobs. that ends when i am president! just landed in new york - a one night stay in scotland. turnberry came out magnificently. my son eric did a great job - under budget! george will one of the most overrated political pundits who lost his way long ago has left the republican party.he s made many bad calls. crooked hillary clinton who called brexit 100 wrong along with obama is now spending wall street money on an ad on my correct call. clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgement call on brexit with big dollar ads. disgraceful! crooked hillary just took a major ad of me playing golf at turnberry. shows me hitting shot but i never did lie! was there to support son. the @abc poll sample is heavy on democrats. very dishonest - why would they do that? other polls good! top 50 facts about crooked hillary clinton from trump stakes of the election address:. people in our country want borders and without them the old line pols like crooked hillary will not win. it is time for change -- and jobs! hillary clinton is not a change agent just the same old status quo! she is spending a fortune i am spending very little. close in polls! crooked hillary clinton got brexit wrong. i said leave will win. she has no sense of markets and such bad judgement. only a question of time. crooked hillary attacks foreign government donations - while ignoring her own:. the dirty poll done by @abc @washingtonpost is a disgrace. even they admit that many more democrats were polled. other polls were good. @jimvitari: @abc @washingtonpost we know they re fake just like poles during primary. i m sure u will crush #crookedhillary in general. @brazosboys: hillary read sigh off the teleprompter she s so fake she has to be told how to feel: @foxnews. @w4djt: under a trump presidency america will make brilliant new trade deals! donald trump #dtmag. @lindasuhler: trump voters don t scare or back down. our numbers are growing & we re taking our country back. #trump2016 #maga. crooked hillary is wheeling out one of the least productive senators in the u.s. senate goofy elizabeth warren who lied on heritage. the media is unrelenting. they will only go with and report a story in a negative light. i called brexit hillary was wrong watch november. .@cnn is all negative when it comes to me. i don t watch it anymore. @govbrewer: i ll be a guest today on making money with @cvpayne on @ fox business 6 pm et 3 pm pt discussing @realdonaldtrump. tune in! @vegas sports: good for @realdonaldtrump he s smart on business. maybe if corporations weren t overtaxed they would stay. voting for #trump. @patricia graf: @govbrewer @cvpayne let s get trump supporters out in massive numbers and make america great again - create jobs. @arnold ziffel: @anncoulter also can t help but notice the stock market s reaction as @realdonaldtrump was speaking. #upupup. @bluedogdemky: @cwaunion @iowa trump @richardtrumka @aflcio this is why i would think the unions would support @realdonaldtrump for #potus. @kridan1: canceled cable - sick of their bad coverage of you and the fawning over clinton ... listened to your great speech on youtube. check it out - 2nd video on lying crooked hillary is now online! watch it here: #crookedhillary #trump2016. benghazi is just another hillary clinton failure. it justnever seems to work the way it s supposed to with clinton. hillary clintons presidency would be catastrophic forthe future of our country. she is ill-fit with bad judgment. yet another terrorist attack this time in turkey. willthe world ever realize what is going on? so sad. we must do everything possible to keep this horrible terrorism outside the united states. @jtsbk: @allenwest thanks for sharing eric we need @realdonaldtrump now as this administration is incapable of keeping our country safe. iron mike tyson was not asked to speak at the convention though i m sure he would do a good job if he was. the media makes everything up! the @uschamber must fight harder for the american worker. china and many others are taking advantage of u.s. with our terrible trade pacts. why would the uschamber be upset by the fact that i want to negotiate better and stronger trade deals or that i want penalties for cheaters? just watched senator john barrasso on @foxnews - he was great! thank you john. new q poll out- we are going to win the whole deal- and make america great again! #trump2016. will be in bangor maine today! join me- 4pme at the cross insurance center! isis exploded on hillary clinton s watch- she s done nothing about it and never will. not capable! i will be on @oreillyfactor at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! @gengm7: @jakeda @realdonaldtrump as of april this year hillary had spent 264000000 on her campaign mr.trump 55000000. self funding. tremendous day in massachusetts and maine. thank you to everyone for making it so special! for reasons only they can explain the @uschamber wants to continue our bad trade deals rather than renegotiating and making them better. the story with hillary will never change. new book by @ericbolling is absolutely terrific and a must read! #wakeupamerica. why would college graduates want crooked hillary as their president? she will destroy them! one of the reasons hillary hid her emails was so the public wouldn t see how she got rich- selling out america. the very dishonest @nbcnews refuses to accept the fact that i have forgiven my 50 million loan to my campaign. done deal! i have self funded my winning primary campaign with an approx. 50 million loan. i have totally terminated the loan! the reason i put up approximately 50 million for my successful primary campaign is very simple i want to make america great again! i will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on fox! enjoy! #throwbackthursday #trump2016. as bernie sanders said hillary clinton has bad judgement. bill s meeting was probably initiated and demanded by hillary! bill clinton s meeting was a total secret. nobody was to know about it but he was caught by a local reporter. take a look at what happened w bill clinton. the system is totally rigged. does anybody really believe that meeting was just a coincidence? .@traceadkins great job on fox this morning. keep up the good work! horrible killing of a 13 year old american girl at her home in israel by a palestinian terrorist. we must get tough. yet another terrorist attack today in israel -- a father shot at by a palestinian terrorist was killed while:. these crimes won t be happening if i m elected potus. killer should have never been here. #americafirst. thank you for your support! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst. thank you for inviting me to the western conservative summit in colorado! #imwithyou #wcs16. just returned from colorado. amazing crowd! when you can t say it - or see it -- you can t fix it. we will make america safe again! #imwithyou #americafirst. just read in the failing @nytimes that i was not aware the event had to be held in cleveland - a total lie. these people are sick! the speakers slots at the republican convention are totally filled with a long waiting list of those that want to speak - wednesday release. #americafirst #imwithyou. the #2a to our constitution is clear. the right of the people to keep & bear arms shall not be infringed upon. crooked hillary -- makes history! #imwithyou #americafirst. if i become the next potus- they will not be ignoring! #americafirst. thank you! #americafirst. thank you for your support!#americafirst #leadright2016. thank you @greta. #imwithyou. it is impossible for the fbi not to recommend criminal charges against hillary clinton. what she did was wrong! what bill did was stupid! it was just announced-by sources-that no charges will be brought against crooked hillary clinton. like i said the system is totally rigged! just watched @meetthepress and how totally biased against me chuck todd and the entire show is against me.the good news-the people get it! only a fool would believe that the meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. was not arranged or that crooked hillary did not know. crooked hillary clinton knew that her husband wanted to meet with the u.s.a.g. to work out a deal. the system is totally rigged & corrupt! on saturday a great man elie wiesel passed away.the world is a better place because of him and his belief that good can triumph over evil! the system is rigged! does anybody really believe that bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. talked only about grandkids and golf for 37 minutes in plane on tarmac? the secret meeting between bill clinton and the u.s.a.g. in back of closed plane was heightened with fbi shouting go away no pictures. i believe that crooked hillary sent bill to have the meeting with the u.s.a.g. so bill is not in trouble with h except that he got caught! in bangladesh hostages were immediately killed by isis terrorists if they were unable to cite a verse from the koran. 20 were killed! the third mass attack slaughter in days by isis. 200 dead in baghdad worst in many years. we do not have leadership that can stop this! crooked hillary will never be able to handle the complexities and danger of isis - it will just go on forever. we need change! happy 4th of july! #trump2016 #americafirst. dishonest media is trying their absolute best to depict a star in a tweet as the star of david rather than a sheriff s star or plain star! senator tom cotton was great on meet the press yesterday. despite a totally one-sided interview by chuck todd the end result was solid! spent time with indiana governor mike pence and family yesterday. very impressed great people! i look forward to meeting @joniernst today in new jersey. she has done a great job as senator of iowa! the only people who are not interested in being the v.p. pick are the people who have not been asked! crooked hillary clinton is guilty as hell but the system is totally rigged and corrupt! where are the 33000 missing e-mails? with hillary and obama the terrorist attacks will only get worse. politically correct fools won t even call it what it is - radical islam! why is president obama allowed to use air force one on the campaign trail with crooked hillary? she is flying with him tomorrow. who pays? on @foxnews at 7:00 p.m. special: meet the trumps hope you enjoy! taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of air force one on the campaign trail by president obama and crooked hillary. a total disgrace! it was great spending time with @joniernst yesterday. she has done a fantastic job for the people of iowa and u.s. will see her again! the system is rigged. general petraeus got in trouble for far less. very very unfair! as usual bad judgment. fbi director said crooked hillary compromised our national security. no charges. wow! #riggedsystem. looking forward to meeting with @senbobcorker in a little while. we will be traveling to north carolina together today. my son @erictrump will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10pm on @foxnews. enjoy! i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 11pm. enjoy! raised a lot of money for the republican party. there will be a big gasp when the figures are announced in the morning. lots of support! win. i don t think the voters will forget the rigged system that allowed crooked hillary to get away with murder. come november 8 she s out! crooked hillary clinton is unfit to serve as president of the u.s. her temperament is weak and her opponents are strong. bad judgement! crooked hillary clinton and her team were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive highly classified information. not fit! crooked hillary has once again been proven to be a person who is dishonest incompetent and of very bad judgement. the rigged system may have helped hillary clinton escape criminal charges but... crooked hillary clinton lied to the fbi and to the people of our country. she is sooooo guilty. but watch her time will come! i made a lot of money in atlantic city and left 7 years ago great timing as all know . pols made big mistakes now many bankruptcies. hillary clinton should ask why the democrat pols in atlantic city made all the wrong moves - convention center airport - and destroyed city. even the once great caesars is bankrupt in a.c. others to follow. ask the democrat city council what happened to atlantic city. sleepy eyes chuck todd a man with so little touch for politics is at it again.he could not have watched my standing ovation speech in n.c. i have over seven million hits on social media re crooked hillary clinton. check it out sleepy eyes @markhalperin @nbcpolitics. convention speaker schedule to be released tomorrow. let today be devoted to crooked hillary and the rigged system under which we live. to all of my twitter followers please contribute whatever you can to the campaign. we must beat crooked hillary. where is the outrage for this disney book? is this the star of david also? dishonest media! #frozen. great being in cincinnati ohio last night- thank you! off to washington d.c. now. #trump2016 #americafirst. just leaving d.c. had great meetings with republicans in the house and senate. very interesting day! these are people who love our country! thank you rep. collins! #trump2016. #makeamericagreatagain. thank you speaker @pryan!#americafirst #trump2016. after today crooked hillary can officially be called lyin crooked hillary. prayers and condolences to all of the families who are so thoroughly devastated by the horrors we are all watching take place in our country. last night s horrific execution-style shootings of 12 dallas law enforcement officers... due to the horrific events taking place in our country i have decided to postpone my speech on economic opportunity- today in miami. isn t it sad that on a day of national tragedy hillary clinton is answering softball questions about her email lies on @cnn? make america safe again! way to go @serenawilliams - you are a true champion. proud of you! new poll - thank you! #trump2016. look what is happening to our country under the weak leadership of obama and people like crooked hillary clinton. we are a divided nation! president obama thinks the nation is not as divided as people think. he is living in a world of the make believe! the media is so dishonest. if i make a statement they twist it and turn it to make it sound bad or foolish.they think the public is stupid! i heard that the underachieving john king of @cnn on inside politics was one hour of lies. happily few people are watching - dead network! join me in westfield indiana- tomorrow night at 7:30pm! #trump2016 tickets:. thoughts and prayers with the victims and their families- along with everyone at the berrien county courthouse in st. joseph michigan. great poll- florida! thank you! speech on veterans reform:. senior united states district judge robert e. payne today ruled in favor of trump campaign delegates who had argued.. #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. crime is out of control and rapidly getting worse. look what is going on in chicago and our inner cities. not good! for too many years our inner cities have been left behind. i am going to deliver jobs safety and protection for those in need. this election is a choice between law order & safety - or chaos crime & violence. i will make america safe again for everyone. #imwithyou. bernie sanders who has lost most of his leverage has totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. he will endorse her today - fans angry! i am somewhat surprised that bernie sanders was not true to himself and his supporters. they are not happy that he is selling out! #crookedhillary is not qualified! bernie sanders endorsing crooked hillary clinton is like occupy wall street endorsing goldman sachs. bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-tpp pro-wall street crooked hillary clinton. to all the bernie voters who want to stop bad trade deals & global special interests we welcome you with open arms. people first. the american people agree. no free pass for #crookedhillary! i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor tonight on @foxnews at 8pm. enjoy! thank you iowa- see you soon!#trump2016 #imwithyou. thank you indiana! #trump2016. justice ginsburg of the u.s. supreme court has embarrassed all by making very dumb political statements about me. her mind is shot - resign! thank you! #imwithyou. thank you florida ohio and pennsylvania! #crookedhillary is not qualified. #imwithyou. #crookedhillary is outspending me by a combined 31 to 1 in florida ohio & pennsylvania. i haven t started yet! new gop platform now includes language that supports the border wall. we will build the wall and make america safe again! the republican platform is most pro-israel of all time! is president obama trying to destroy israel with all his bad moves? think about it and let me know! lyin crooked hillary s email stories all have one thing in common. despite spending 500k a day on tv ads alone #crookedhillary falls flat in nationwide @quinnipiacpoll. having zero impact. sad!! voters understand that crooked hillary s negative ads are not true- just like her email lies and her other fraudulent activity. on my way to san diego to raise money for the republican party. i am spending a lot myself and also helping others. is supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg going to apologize to me for her misconduct? big mistake by an incompetent judge! even the @nytimes and @washingtonpost editorial boards condemned justice ginsburg for her ethical and legal breach. what was she thinking? if i win the presidency we will swamp justice ginsburg with real judges and real legal opinions! i will be making the announcement of my vice presidential pick on friday at 11am in manhattan. details to follow. great new poll- thank you america!#trump2016 #imwithyou. another new poll. thank you for your support! join the movement today! #imwithyou. i employ many people in the state of virginia - jobs jobs jobs! crooked hillary will sell us out just like her husband did with nafta. another horrific attack this time in nice france. many dead and injured. when will we learn? it is only getting worse. in light of the horrible attack in nice france i have postponed tomorrow s news conference concerning my vice presidential announcement. my prayers and condolences to the victims and families of the terrible tragedy in nice france. we are with you in every way! #nevertrump is never more. they were crushed last night in cleveland at rules committee by a vote of 87-12. make america great again! four more years of weakness with a crooked hillary administration is not acceptable. look what has happened to the world with o & hillary! i am pleased to announce that i have chosen governor mike pence as my vice presidential running mate. news conference tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. look forward to governor mike pence v.p. introduction tomorrow in new york city. look forward to introducing governor mike pence who has done a spectacular job in the great state of indiana . my first choice from start! crooked hillary is spending big wall street money on ads saying i don t have foreign policy experience yet look what her policies have done. crooked hillary who embarrassed herself and the country with her e-mail lies has been a disaster on foreign policy. look what s happening! very sad that a person who has made so many mistakes crooked hillary clinton can put out such false and vicious ads with her phony money! crooked hillary clinton is bought and paid for by wall street lobbyists and special interests. she will sell our country down the tubes! thank you! #trumppence16. donate today to help make america great again! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton! donate today to help make america great again! you can help stop crooked hillary clinton! thank you to chris cox and bikers for trump - your support has been amazing. i will never forget. make america great again! @trumpdoonbeg: great news! we ve been nominated for ireland s best golf hotel 2016.we would appreciate your vote! thank you to jack morgan tamara neo cheryl ann kraft and all of my friends and supporters in virginia. great job! goofy elizabeth warren who may be the least productive senator in the u.s. senate must prove she is not a fraud. without the con it s over. we are going to have a great time in cleveland. will lead to special results for our country. we will make america great again! as the days and weeks go by we see what a total mess our country and world is in - crooked hillary clinton led obama into bad decisions! it doesn t matter that crooked hillary has experience look at all of the bad decisions she has made. bernie said she has bad judgement! i hope that crooked hillary picks goofy elizabeth warren sometimes referred to as pocahontas as her v.p. then we can litigate her fraud! if goofy elizabeth warren a very weak senator didn t lie about her heritage being native american she would be nothing today. pick her h. .@foxnews is much better and far more truthful than @cnn which is all negative. guests are stacked for crooked hillary! i don t watch. the ratings at @foxnews blow away the ratings of @cnn - not even close. that s because cnn is the clinton news network and people don t like. we grieve for the officers killed in baton rouge today. how many law enforcement and people have to... we are trying to fight isis and now our own people are killing our police. our country is divided and out of control. the world is watching. i will be on @60minutes tonight at 7:00 p.m. with mike pence talking about law and order and many other subjects! bad times for divided usa! @60minutes: donaldtrump and his running mate @mike pence to appear on #60minutes in first joint interview. cbs. our country is totally divided and our enemies are watching. we are not looking good we are not looking smart we are not looking tough! president obama just had a news conference but he doesn t have a clue. our country is a divided crime scene and it will only get worse! thank you mahoning county ohio! see you soon! #makeamericasafeagain. looking forward to being at the convention tonight to watch all of the wonderful speakers including my wife melania. place looks beautiful! .@cnn is the worst.they go to their dumb one-sided panels when a podium speaker is for trump! vast majority want: make america great again! networks other than low ratings @cnn have been very fair and exciting! #makeamericasafeagain!#gopconvention #rncincle. will be on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:30pm @foxnews- prior to melania s speech at the #gopconvention. tune in- she will do great! #rncincle. it was truly an honor to introduce my wife melania. her speech and demeanor were absolutely incredible. very proud! #gopconvention. @roxanetancredi: democrats are coming to trump. i used to be proud of the dem party. no more it is crooked and not for the people. #makeamericaworkagain#trumppence16 #rncincle. #makeamericaworkagain #trumppence16 #rncincle. the roll call is beginning at the republican national convention. very exciting! such a great honor to be the republican nominee for president of the united states. i will work hard and never let you down! america first! congratulations to my children don and tiffany on having done a fantastic job last night. i am very proud of you! bill hemmer of @foxnews was very nice in explaining the excitement and energy in the arena. more than in past years. in november i think the people of ohio will remember that the republicans picked cleveland instead of going to another state. jobs! good news is melania s speech got more publicity than any in the history of politics especially if you believe that all press is good press! the media is spending more time doing a forensic analysis of melania s speech than the fbi spent on hillary s emails. statement on melania speech. urgent: weve just announced a 2 million fundraising goal tonight. please stand with us! john kasich was never asked by me to be v.p. just arrived in cleveland - will be a great two days! watching the #gopconvention#americafirst #rncincle. #americafirst #rncincle. thank you @ingrahamangle! #americafirst. thank you to governor @scottwalker for such warm support. great speech! #texttrump88022 for exclusive @realdonaldtrump updates! we will make america great again! thank you @scottwalker! #americafirst #rncincle. limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now! limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now! great job @erictrump! proud of you! #americafirst #rncincle. wow ted cruz got booed off the stage didn t honor the pledge! i saw his speech two hours early but let him speak anyway. no big deal! our next vice president of the united states of america gov. @mike pence!#gopincle #gopconvention#americafirst. .@mike pence was fantastic tonight. will be a great v.p. arena was packed totally electric! make america great again! great job @erictrump! proud of you!#americafirst #rncincle. i am soooo proud of my children don eric and tiffany - their speeches under enormous pressure were incredible. ivanka intros me tonight! ted cruz talks about the constitution but doesn t say that if the dems win the presidency the new justices appointed will destroy us all! limited opportunity to get your official trump gear! shop now! other than a small group of people who have suffered massive and embarrassing losses the party is very united. great love in the arena! great job @ivankatrump! #rncincle. weve just set a new goal: raise 4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight! weve just set a new goal: raise 4 million from our grassroots supporters by midnight! thank you @donaldjtrumpjr. proud of you! #rncincle #trumppence2016. im with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! im with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! this is a movement! #rncincle. you can watch 360 video live from the podium! #rncincle #trumpiswithyou #makeamericagreatagain. formal acceptance of the nomination! #trumppence16. make america safe and great again! #rncincle. what a great four days in cleveland. so proud of the great job done by the rnc and all. the police and secret service were fantastic! thank you cleveland. we love you and will be back many times! one of the best produced including the incredible stage & set in the history of conventions. great unity! big t.v. ratings! @karlrove. another attack this time in germany. many killed. god bless the people of munich. is it the same kaine that took hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts while governor of virginia and didn t get indicted while bob m did? i highly recommend the just out book - the field of fight - by general michael flynn. how to defeat radical islam. @theresa cali: @realdonaldtrump general michael flynn will make a great secretary of defense when you become potus! #makeamericasafeagain. the bernie sanders supporters are furious with the choice of tim kaine who represents the opposite of what bernie stands for. philly fight? tim kaine is and always has been owned by the banks. bernie supporters are outraged was their last choice. bernie fought for nothing! pocahontas wanted v.p. slot so badly but wasn t chosen because she has done nothing in the senate. also crooked hillary hates her! leaked e-mails of dnc show plans to destroy bernie sanders. mock his heritage and much more. on-line from wikileakes really vicious. rigged. crooked hillary clinton has destroyed jobs and manufacturing in pennsylvania. against steelworkers and miners. husband signed nafta. funny that the democrats would have their convention in pennsylvania where her husband and her killed so many jobs. i will bring jobs back! tim kaine has been praising the trans pacific partnership and has been pushing hard to get it approved. job killer! i will bring jobs back and get wages up. people haven t had a real wage increase in almost twenty years. clinton killed jobs! just saw crooked hillary and tim kaine together. isis and our other enemies are drooling. they don t look presidential to me! the wikileaks e-mail release today was so bad to sanders that it will make it impossible for him to support her unless he is a fraud! thank you to everyone for the wonderful reviews of my speech on thursday night. from the heart! @olimauritania: @realdonaldtrump kaine supported the stupidest deal in the history of deals #hillarykaine2016. @nancynielsenn: @realdonaldtrump dinesh d sousa hillary s america. see it. #makeamericagreatagain#trumppence16. the crooked hillary v.p. choice is very disrespectful to bernie sanders and all of his supporters. just another case of bad judgement by h! bernie sanders started off strong but with the selection of kaine for v.p. is ending really weak. so much for a movement! total disrespect. wow president obama s brother malik just announced that he is voting for me. was probably treated badly by president-like everybody else! looks like the bernie people will fight. if not their blood sweat and tears was a total waste of time. kaine stands for opposite! an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates. there is no longer a bernie sanders political revolution. he is turning out to be a weak and somewhat pathetic figurewants it all to end! sorry folks but bernie sanders is exhausted just can t go on any longer. he is trying to dismiss the new e-mails and dnc disrespect. sad! today proves what i have always known that @reince priebus is the tough one and the smart one not debbie wasserman shultz @dwstweets. i always said that debbie wasserman schultz was overrated. the dems convention is cracking up and bernie is exhausted no energy left! the @cnn panels are so one sided almost all against trump. @foxnews is so much better and the ratings are much higher. don t watch cnn! if the republican convention had blown up with e-mails resignation of boss and the beat down of a big player. bernie media would go wild. crooked hillary clinton was not at all loyal to the person in her rigged system that pushed her over the top dws. too bad bernie flamed out. even though bernie sanders has lost his energy and his strength i don t believe that his supporters will let crooked hillary off the hook! the democrats are in a total meltdown but the biased media will say how great they are doing! e-mails say the rigged system is alive & well! the highly neurotic debbie wasserman schultz is angry that after stealing and cheating her way to a crooked hillary victory she s out! the ratings for the republican national convention were very good but for the final night my speech great. thank you! watched crooked hillary clinton and tim kaine on 60 minutes. no way they are going to fix america s problems. isis & all others laughing! the new joke in town is that russia leaked the disastrous dnc e-mails which should never have been written stupid because putin likes me. how much bad judgement was on display by the people in dnc in writing those really dumb e-mails using even religion against bernie! hillary was involved in the e-mail scandal because she is the only one with judgement so bad that such a thing could have happened! thank you! #makeamericagreatagain. if bernie sanders after seeing the just released e-mails continues to look exhausted and done then his legacy will never be the same. crooked hillary clinton knew everything that her servant was doing at the dnc - they just got caught that s all! they laughed at bernie. here we go again with another clinton scandal and e-mails yet can you believe . crooked hillary knew the fix was in b never had a chance! wow the republican convention went so smoothly compared to the dems total mess. but fear not the dishonest media will find a good spinnnn! the state of florida is so embarrassed by the antics of crooked hillary clinton and debbie wasserman schultz that they will vote for change! great poll numbers are coming out all over. people don t want another four years of obama and crooked hillary would be even worse. #maga. #makeamericagreatagain. make america safe and great again! #trumppence16. thank you roanoke virginia- be back soon! #trumppence16. thank you ohio! #trumppence16. clinton betrayed bernie voters. kaine supports tpp is in pocket of wall street and backed iraq war. while bernie has totally given up on his fight for the people we welcome all voters who want a better future for our workers. hard to believe that bernie sanders has done such a complete fold. he got nothing for all of the time energy and money. the v.p. a joke! i was at @foxnews and met juan williams in passing. he asked if he could have pictures taken with me. i said fine. he then trashes on air! if cory booker is the future of the democratic party they have no future! i know more about cory than he knows about himself. sad to watch bernie sanders abandon his revolution. we welcome all voters who want to fix our rigged system and bring back our jobs. elizabeth warren often referred to as pocahontas just misrepresented me and spoke glowingly about crooked hillary who she always hated! bernie sanders totally sold out to crooked hillary clinton. all of that work energy and money and nothing to show for it! waste of time. funny if you listen to @foxnews the democrats did not have a good day. if you listen to the other two they are fawning. what a difference. why aren t the democrats speaking about isis bad trade deals broken borders police and law and order. the republican convention was great. pocahontas bombed last night! sad to watch. join us tomorrow in scranton pennsylvania at 3pm!#trumppence16 #maga tickets:. join us in toledo ohio- tomorrow night at 8pm! #trumppence16 #magatickets:. thank you new hampshire! #makeamericagreatagain. the invention of email has proven to be a very bad thing for crooked hillary in that it has proven her to be both incompetent and a liar! bernie s exhausted he just wants to shut down and go home to bed! dems don t want to talk isis b c hillary s foreign interventions unleashed isis & her refugee plans make it easier for them to come here. in order to try and deflect the horror and stupidity of the wikileakes disaster the dems said maybe it is russia dealing with trump. crazy! for the record i have zero investments in russia. im with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! i m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! i m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! you have no idea what my strategy on isis is and neither does isis a good thing . please get your facts straight - thanks. @megynkelly. no matter what bill clinton says and no matter how well he says it the phony media will exclaim it to be incredible. highly overrated! i hate to say it but the republican convention was far more interesting with a much more beautiful set than the democratic convention! many of bernie s supporters have left the arena. did bernie go home and go to sleep? just like i have warned from the beginning crooked hillary clinton will betray you on the tpp. as i have been saying crooked hillary will approve the job killing tpp after the election despite her statements to the contrary: top adv. funny how the failing @nytimes is pushing dems narrative that russia is working for me because putin said trump is a genius. america 1st! the democratic convention has paid zero respect to the great police and law enforcement professionals of our country. no recognition - sad! hopefully the violent and vicious killing by isis of a beloved french priest is causing people to start thinking rationally. get tough! crooked hillary clinton wants to flood our country with syrian immigrants that we know little or nothing about. the danger is massive. no! our not very bright vice president joe biden just stated that i wanted to carpet bomb the enemy. sorry joe that was ted cruz! not one american flag on the massive stage at the democratic national convention until people started complaining-then a small one. pathetic. join our next vice president @mike pence in wisconsin tonight & michigan thursday!mi:. if russia or any other country or person has hillary clinton s 33000 illegally deleted emails perhaps they should share them with the fbi! great new poll - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain. trump right: illegal families crossing border set to double 51152 so far. thank you to our amazing law enforcement officers! #maga. as president i will bring jobs back and get wages up for americans who need it most. thank you pennsylvania!#makeamericagreatagain. #crookedhillary. join me live in toledo ohio!#makeamericagreatagain. shooting deaths of police officers up 78 this year. we must restore law and order and protect our great law enforcement officers! our country does not feel great already to the millions of wonderful people living in poverty violence and despair. @davidwohl: barack is offended that @realdonaldtrump will demand that #nato allies pay their fair share. #demsinphilly. @trumplican2016: @realdonaldtrump @davidwohl stay the course mr trump your message is resonating with the people. president obama spoke last night about a world that doesnt exist. 70 of the people think our country is going in the wrong direction. #dnc. @lallyray: poll: donald trump sees 17-point positive swing in two weeks - breitbart @realdonaldtrump great! bernie caved! america s future. a vote for clinton-kaine is a vote for tpp nafta high taxes radical regulation and massive influx of refugees. median household income is down for the middle class since obama took office. it will only go further down under clinton. great to be back in iowa! #tbt with @jerryjrfalwell joining me in davenport- this past winter. #maga. dems warn not to underestimate trump s potential win. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! #crookedhillary. i will once again write a 1 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! departing now - thank you cedar rapids iowa. this is a movement! i will once again write a 1 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! hillary s refusal to mention radical islam as she pushes a 550 increase in refugees is more proof that she is unfit to lead the country. our way of life is under threat by radical islam and hillary clinton cannot even bring herself to say the words. hillary will never reform wall street. she is owned by wall street! hillary s vision is a borderless world where working people have no power no jobs no safety. hillary s wars in the middle east have unleashed destruction terrorism and isis across the world. no one has worse judgement than hillary clinton - corruption and devastation follows her wherever she goes. the media coverage this morning of the very average clinton speech and convention is a joke. @cnn and the little watched @morning joe sad! crooked hillary clinton made up facts about me and forgot to mention the many problems of our country in her very average scream! two policemen just shot in san diego one dead. it is only getting worse. people want law and order! campaign statement:. @anncoulter: i believe in science dem code for we re shutting down coal mines steel plants and any other remaining manufacturing. join @mike pence at the university of northwestern ohio- tonight at 7pm. tickets:. crooked hillary clinton mentioned me 22 times in her very long and very boring speech. many of her statements were lies and fabrications! general john allen who i never met but spoke against me last night failed badly in his fight against isis. his record bad #neverhillary. little michael bloomberg who never had the guts to run for president knows nothing about me. his last term as mayor was a disaster! if michael bloomberg ran again for mayor of new york he wouldn t get 10 of the vote - they would run him out of town! #neverhillary. crooked hillary said that i couldn t handle the rough and tumble of a political campaign. reallyi just beat 16 people and am beating her! thank you! facebook:. the dishonest media didn t mention that bernie sanders was very angry looking during crooked s speech. he wishes he didn t make that deal! in hillary clinton s america - things get worse. #trumppence16. wow my campaign is hearing from more and more bernie supporters that they will never support crooked hillary. she sold them out v.p. pick! i am watching crooked hillary speak. same old stuff our country needs change! what bernie sanders really thinks of crooked hillary clinton. join me in colorado springs at 2pm- or in denver tonight at 7pm!colorado springs:. even bill is tired of the lies sad! only a reagan or a trump-like figure in the white house will achieve this goal. thank you colorado springs. get out & vote #trumppence16 in november! thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers in colorado!#makeamericagreatagain #lesm. hillary clinton should not be given national security briefings in that she is a lose cannon with extraordinarily bad judgement & insticts. #crookedhillary job application. as usual hillary & the dems are trying to rig the debates so 2 are up against major nfl games. same as last time w bernie. unacceptable! thank you denver colorado! #makeamericagreatagain! @patrioticpepe: @realdonaldtrump only trump can unite america and fix obama s mistakes!!! #trump2016. colorado was amazing yesterday! so much support. our tax trade and energy reforms will bring great jobs to colorado and the whole country. hillary can never win over bernie supporters. her foreign wars nafta tpp support & wall street ties are driving away millions of votes. we are suffering through the worst long-term unemployment in the last 70 years. i want change - crooked hillary clinton does not. american homeownership rate in q2 2016 was 62.9 - lowest rate in 51yrs. we will bring back the american dream! join me monday in columbus ohio & harrisburg pennsylvania! #maga3pm in oh: in pa:. while i am in oh & pa - you can also join @mike pence in nevada on mon!carson city:. just got back from colorado. the love and enthusiasm at two rallies was incredible. big crowds! i will write a 2 million check to our campaign if we hit our million-dollar end-of-month goal! violent crime is rising across the united states yet the dnc convention ignored it. crime reduction will be one of my top priorities. crooked hillary clinton is soft on crime supports open borders and wants massive tax hikes. a formula for disaster! #crookedhillary. why doesn t the media want to report that on the two big thursdays when crooked hillary and i made our speeches - republican s won ratings. i turned down a meeting with charles and david koch. much better for them to meet with the puppets of politics they will do much better! word is that crooked hillary has very small and unenthusiastic crowds in pennsylvania. perhaps it is because her husband signed nafta? #crookedhillary obama s third term which would be terrible news for our economic growth - seen below. crooked s stop in johnstown pennsylvania where jobs have been absolutely decimated by dumb politicians drew less than 200 - with bill vp. the rust belt was created by politicians like the clintons who allowed our jobs to be stolen from us by other countries like mexico. end! wow nato s top commander just announced that he agrees with me that alliance members must pay their bills. this is a general i will like! nato commander agrees members should pay up via @dcexaminer:. can you imagine if i had the small crowds that hillary is drawing today in pennsylvania. it would be a major media event! @cnn @foxnews. thank you to all of the television viewers that made my speech at the republican national convention #1 over crooked hillary and dems. nielson media research final numbers on acceptance speech: trump 32.2 million. clinton 27.8 million. thank you! we crushed the original goal! i will write a 2 million check to our campaign if we hit our end-of-month goal! captain khan killed 12 years ago was a hero but this is about radical islamic terror and the weakness of our leaders to eradicate it! i was viciously attacked by mr. khan at the democratic convention. am i not allowed to respond? hillary voted for the iraq war not me! the dishonest media is fawning over the democratic convention. i wonder why then my speech had millions of more viewers than crooked h? @realjameswoods: without absolutely owning the liberal media hillaryclinton wouldn t stand a chance. #voterfraud and #msm her only hope. wow it is unbelievable how distorted one-sided and biased the media is against us. the failing @nytimes is a joke. @cnn is laughable! mr. khan who does not know me viciously attacked me from the stage of the dnc and is now all over t.v. doing the same - nice! this story is not about mr. khan who is all over the place doing interviews but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u.s. get smart! when i said in an interview that putin is not going into ukraine you can mark it down i am saying if i am president. already in crimea! so with all of the obama tough talk on russia and the ukraine they have already taken crimea and continue to push. that s what i said! #crookedhillary. join governor mike pence in reno nevada- tonight at 7pm! tickets available at:. cnn will soon be the least trusted name in news if they continue to be the press shop for hillary clinton. cnn anchors are completely out of touch with everyday people worried about rising crime failing schools and vanishing jobs. when will we see stories from cnn on clinton foundation corruption and hillary s pay-for-play at state department? will cnn send its cameras to the border to show the massive unreported crisis now unfolding -- or are they worried it will hurt hillary? the people who support hillary sit behind cnn anchor chairs or headline fundraisers - those disconnected from real life. people believe cnn these days almost as little as they believe hillary....that s really saying something! thank you oklahoma & virginia! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. thank you columbus ohio! i will be back soon. #imwithyou #maga. crooked hillary clinton is 100 owned by her donors. #imwithyou #maga. hillary whose decisions have led to the deaths of many accepted from a business linked to isis. silence at cnn. hillary clinton raked in money from regimes that horribly oppress women and gays & refuses to speak out against radical islam. when will cnn do a segment on hillarys plan to increase syrian refugees 550 and how much it will cost? during the gop convention cnn cut away from the victims of illegal immigrant violence. they dont want them heard. join me in florida on wednesday! daytona & jacksonville:daytona 3pm- 7pm-. thanks to @pnehlen for your kind words very much appreciated. vast numbers of manufacturing jobs in pennsylvania have moved to mexico and other countries. that will end when i win! just leaving mechanicsburg pa. incredible crowd-- so enthusiastic! will be back soon. #maga. great afternoon in ohio & a great evening in pennsylvania - departing now. see you tomorrow virginia! the washington post calls out #crookedhillary for what she really is. a pathological liar! watch that nose grow! limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of 184 or more. get yours today! limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of 184 or more. get yours today! limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of 184 or more. get yours today! thank you virginia! #imwithyou. statement in response to president obama s failed leadership:. join me in florida tomorrow! #makeamericagreatagain daytona 3pm- 7pm-. #crookedhillary. #icymi: john podestas brother pocketed 180000 from putins uranium company:. president obama will go down as perhaps the worst president in the history of the united states! report raises questions about clinton cash from russians during reset. my daughter @ivankatrump will be on @greta tonight at 7pm. enjoy! great day in virginia. crowd was fantastic! there is great unity in my campaign perhaps greater than ever before. i want to thank everyone for your tremendous support. beat crooked h! our incompetent secretary of state hillary clinton was the one who started talks to give 400 million dollars in cash to iran. scandal! thank you daytona beach florida!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you to the amazing law enforcement officers today- in daytona beach florida! #lesm #maga. thank you for your support of my candidacy! #maga #imwithyou. thank you jacksonville florida!#makeamericagreatagain. looking forward to ia & wi with gov. pence tomorrow. join us! #maga. great meeting all of you. this group knocked on 50k doors & counting here in maine thank you! @mainegop. happy 226th birthday to the united states coast guard. thank you @uscg! #coastguardday. thank you portland maine! #makeamericagreatagain. see you tomorrow w gov. @mike pence iowa & wisconsin! 3pm-. president obama should ask the dnc about how they rigged the election against bernie. obama s disastrous judgment gave us isis rise of iran and the worst economic numbers since the great depression! president obama refuses to answer question about iran terror funding. i won t dodge questions as your president. the plane i saw on television was the hostage plane in geneva switzerland not the plane carrying 400 million in cash going to iran! hillary clinton has bad judgment and is unfit to serve as president. i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let s make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let s make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let s make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let s make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let s make america great again! we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let s make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let s make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! #makeamericasafeagain. as president i will fix this rigged system and only answer to you the american people! i m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. thank you des moines iowa! governor @mike pence and i appreciate your support! #maga #trumptrain. don t let hillary clinton do it again!#trumppence16. thank you green bay wisconsin! governor @mike pence and i will be back soon. #trumppence16 #maga. trump is right about violent crime: its on the rise in major cities. good luck #teamusa#openingceremony #rio2016. hillary clinton is being badly criticized for her poor performance in answering questions. let us all see what happens! crooked hillary said loudly and for the world to see that she short circuited when answering a question on her e-mails. very dangerous! anybody whose mind short circuits is not fit to be our president! look up the word brainwashed. limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of 184 or more. get yours today! limited edition signed copies of my book the art of the deal for your donation of 184 or more. get yours today! heading to new hampshire - will be talking about hillary saying her brain short circuited and other things! #crookedhillary is not fit to be our next president! #trumppence16. i am not just running against crooked hillary clinton i am running against the very dishonest and totally biased media - but i will win! .@larry kudlow - donald trump is the middle-class growth candidate. thank you windham new hampshire! #trumppence16 #maga. i see where mayor stephanie rawlings-blake of baltimore is pushing crooked hard. look at the job she has done in baltimore. she is a joke! the media is going crazy. they totally distort so many things on purpose. crimea nuclear the baby and so much more. very dishonest! michael morell the lightweight former acting director of c.i.a. and a man who has made serious bad calls is a total clinton flunky! #icymi: will media apologize to trump? join me in fayetteville north carolina tomorrow evening at 6pm. tickets now available at:. my economic policy speech will be carried live at 12:15 p.m. enjoy! thank you alex! thank you! thank you @nfib- together we will #makeamericagreatagain! thank you @reploubarletta! thank you senator david perdue! thank you congressman steven palazzo! thank you newt! many people are saying that the iranians killed the scientist who helped the u.s. because of hillary clinton s hacked emails. as senator clinton promised 200000 jobs in upstate new york - her efforts fell flat. being in detroit today was wonderful. quick stop in ohio to meet with some of our great supporters. just got back home! will be interviewed on @foxandfriends now! i am running against the washington insiders just like i did in the republican primaries. these are the people that have made u.s. a mess! @sprts08: @realdonaldtrump @foxandfriends great interview.....all solid points on our economy trump2016. @linhen23: @foxandfriends loved trump s answers to voters questions this morning! trump s economic plan will help #maga #neverhillary. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. act now for your chance to have a private lunch with eric trump & tour of campaign hq at trump tower in nyc. thank you wilmington north carolina!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you @senatorfischer! #trumppence16. thank you senator @chuckgrassley! #trumppence16. when is the media going to talk about hillary s policies that have gotten people killed like libya open borders and maybe her emails? media desperate to distract from clinton s anti-2a stance. i said pro-2a citizens must organize and get out vote to save our constitution! @dbongino: now cut off my mic! bongino refuses to be bullied by don lemon over trump 2nd amendment heated! .@dbongino you were fantastic in defending both the second amendment and me last night on @cnn. don lemon is a lightweight - dumb as a rock. morning joe s weakness is its low ratings. i don t watch anymore but i heard he went wild against rudy giuliani and #2a - sad & irrelevant! my thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers shot in sebastian county arkansas. #lesm. i will be interviewed on @greta tonight at 7pm. enjoy! great meeting w coal miners & leaders from the virginia coal industry- thank you! #maga. no such meeting or conversation ever happened - a made up story by low ratings @cnn. thank you abingdon virginia! #makeamericagreatagain. #makeamericagreatagain! @dsf2020: really admire your determination: working so hard for all americans n daily having to defend yourself from a biased media. reuters just announced that secret service never spoke to me or my campaign. made up story by @cnn is a hoax. totally dishonest. great job today by the nypd in protecting the people and saving the climber. thank you fort lauderdale florida. #makeamericagreatagain. this is no surprise. constant phony reporting from failing @cnn turns everyone off. the american people get it! will be doing @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. enjoy! i am counting on your help to defeat hillary clinton and her cronies. let s make america great again! @sheriffclarke: everything coming from this administration is a lie. only @realdonaldtrump will change it. @elsolarverde: the corrupt media creats controversy against @realdonaldtrump to avoid issues about hillaryclinton. @enemywithinn: @realdonaldtrump @elsolarverde @nytimes people gotta stop believing media lies about trump. that would indeed be nice! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! ratings challenged @cnn reports so seriously that i call president obama and clinton the founder of isis & mvp. they don t get sarcasm? @laurencristmann: thank you for coming to pennsylvania today. i will be there with @c lynne ryan your 3rd cd delegate at 2 pm. a massive tax increase will be necessary to fund crooked hillary clinton s agenda. what a terrible and boring rollout that was yesterday! i love watching these poor pathetic people pundits on television working so hard and so seriously to try and figure me out. they can t! isis gained tremendous strength during hillary clinton s term as secretary of state. when will the dishonest media report the facts! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. i m with you! i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! i m with you. i will work hard and never let you down. make america great again! the establishment and special interests are absolutely killing our country. we must put #americafirst. we need your support to get to the white house and defeat #crookedhillary. let s make america great again! unbelievable support in florida last night - thank you! #maga. thank you erie pennsylvania! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pm hosted by @govmikehuckabee. enjoy! the failing @nytimes has become a newspaper of fiction. their stories about me always quote non-existent unnamed sources. very dishonest! i am truly enjoying myself while running for president. the people of our country are amazing - great numbers on november 8th! @willspeakout: thank you for all that you are doing for us! you campaign endlessly and have spent millions.we love you! #trumptrain thanks. we now have confirmation as to one reason crooked h wanted to be sure that nobody saw her e-mails - pay-for-play. how can she run for pres. @need2knowu: @willspeakout yes you are my hero i admire you for laying down your glorious luxurious life to get beat up for america!!! @pauladuvall2: we re all enjoying you as well mr. t.! you ve inspired hope and a positive spirit throughout america! god bless you! nice. @zulu out: you are a man for the people because you know what it is like to be among the people #makeamericagreatagain #usa loves u thanks. the failing @nytimes talks about anonymous sources and meetings that never happened. their reporting is fiction. the media protects hillary! the failing @nytimes which never spoke to me keeps saying that i am saying to advisers that i will change. false i am who i am-never said. if the disgusting and corrupt media covered me honestly and didn t put false meaning into the words i say i would be beating hillary by 20. my rallies are not covered properly by the media. they never discuss the real message and never show crowd size or enthusiasm. crooked hillary clinton is being protected by the media. she is not a talented person or politician. the dishonest media refuses to expose! i am not only fighting crooked hillary i am fighting the dishonest and corrupt media and her government protection process. people get it! it is not freedom of the press when newspapers and others are allowed to say and write whatever they want even if it is completely false! i have always been the same person-remain true to self.the media wants me to change but it would be very dishonest to supporters to do so! stay on message is the chant. i always do - trade jobs military vets 2nd a repeal ocare borders etc - but media misrepresents! certain republicans who have lost to me would rather save face by fighting me than see the u.s.supreme court get proper appointments. sad! #makeamericasafeagain. clinton refugee plan could bring in 620000 refugees in first term at lifetime cost of over 400 billion. #americasmerkel. another health insurer is pulling back due to persistent financial losses on #obamacare plans. only the beginning! it s just a 2-point race clinton 38 trump 36. this is my pledge to the american people:. just as we won the cold war in part by exposing the evils of communism and the virtues of free markets....cont:. will be on @seanhannity tonight at 10pme - delivering an important speech live from wisconsin. #makeamericagreatagain. #lawandorder #imwithyoutranscript:. #lawandorder #imwithyouvideo:. join me in north carolina - tomorrow at 7:30pm! #imwithyou tickets:. thank you governor @scottwalker & @gop chairman @reince priebus. #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. #makeamericasafeagain #imwithyou. a vote for hillary clinton is a vote for another generation of poverty high crime & lost opportunities. #imwithyou. we will repeal & replace #obamacare which has caused soaring double-digit premium increases. it is a disaster! we are going to make this a government of the people once again!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. will be participating in a town hall event- hosted by @seanhannity tonight at 10pme on @foxnews. enjoy! i will be doing a town hall tonight at 10:00 p.m. on @seanhannity - @foxnews. they will soon be calling me mr. brexit! #crookedhillary #throwbackthursday. together we will make america great again! thank you charlotte north carolina!#makeamericagreatagain. we are one nation. when one state hurts we all hurt. we must all work together - to lift each other up. thank you to nc for last evenings great reception. the speech was a great success. heading now to louisiana & another speech tonight in mi. the reporting at the failing @nytimes gets worse and worse by the day. fortunately it is a dying newspaper. thank you to everyone for all of the nice comments by twitter pundits and otherwise for my speech last night. great job by @erictrump on interview with @billhemmer on @foxnews. #imwithyou #trumptrain. thank you michigan. this is a movement. we are going to make america safe and great again! #trumppence16. #whereshillary? sleeping!!!!! we are one nation. when one hurts we all hurt. we must all work together-to lift each other up.#standwithlouisiana. .@franklin graham @billynungesser @samaritanspurse- so humbled by my time w you. you are in our thoughts & prayers. @catonglass: 200000 new followers for @realdonaldtrump. from 10800000 to 11000000 all in the last ten days or so! #maga #alwaystrump. thank you @jerryjrfalwell- will see you soon. #trumppence16. just leaving virginia - really big crowd great enthusiasm! will be interviewed on @judgejeanine at 9:00 p.m. enjoy! will be back soon virginia. we are going to make america great again! #trumppence16. we will bring america together as one country again united as americans in common purpose and common dreams. #maga. @j58golf: @realdonaldtrump been a great week. more of the same will get you in the white house! @eyecandytmgayle: @realdonaldtrump please oh please take the charlotte nc speech across the swing states .... sooo powerful good! together we are going to make america safe and great again! i have been drawing very big and enthusiastic crowds but the media refuses to show or discuss them. something very big is happening! crooked hillary is flooding the airwaves with false and misleading ads - all paid for by her bosses on wall street. media is protecting her! i heard that @morning joe was very nice on friday but that little donny d a big failure in tv & someone i helped was nasty. irrelevant! @jimbos2002: @morning joe video: hillary referring to blacks as super predators that need to be brought to heel. @sinabunz tm: @realdonaldtrump trump victory in november! #maga #trumppence16. @55lidsville: #teamtrump @kellyannepolls you need to show the crowds at the rallies use periscope! show hc s 139 yt viewers vs dt 38k. @brainykid2010: @shl @realdonaldtrump the ad was actually very good! @realbill2016: @realdonaldtrump @brainykid2010 @shl trump leading la times poll. tried watching low-rated @morning joe this morning unwatchable! @morningmika is off the wall a neurotic and not very bright mess! some day when things calm down i ll tell the real story of @joenbc and his very insecure long-time girlfriend @morningmika. two clowns! will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 8:30 a.m. eastern. enjoy! statement on clinton foundation:. great meeting with active & retired law enforcement officers- at the fraternal order of police lodge in akron ohio. just leaving akron ohio after a packed rally. amazing people! going now to texas. .@anncoulter s new book in trump we trust comes out tomorrow. people are saying it s terrific - knowing ann i am sure it is! the @washingtonpost quickly put together a hit job book on me- comprised of copies of some of their inaccurate stories. don t buy boring! i am now in texas doing a big fundraiser for the republican party and a @foxnews special on the border and with victims of border crime! it is being reported by virtually everyone and is a fact that the media pile on against me is the worst in american political history! hillary clinton strongly stated that there was absolutely no connection between her private work and that of the state department. lie! president obama should have gone to louisiana days ago instead of golfing. too little too late! join me in tampa florida- tomorrow at 1pme! tickets:. in austin texas with some of our amazing border patrol agents. i will not let them down! will be participating in a town hall tonight on @seanhannity at 10pme from austin texas. enjoy! thank you travis county texas!#makeamericagreatagain. my thoughts and prayers are with the victims and families of those affected by two powerful earthquakes in italy and myanmar. i will not let the families of the remembrance project down! #makeamericasafeagain. great new poll florida - thank you! #makeamericagreatagain. new national poll released. join the movement & together we will #makeamericagreatagain! a great afternoon in tampa florida. thank you! #trumppence16. thank you for your support!#americafirst #imwithyou. will be on #hannity @ 10pe @foxnews- discussing various subjects including immigration-if elected we will #buildthewall & enforce our laws! great governor @mike pence is in indiana to help lead the relief efforts after tornadoes struck. true leadership. thoughts and prayers to the great people of indiana. you will prevail! @trump videos: .@nigel farage of the #brexit fame - we can do this! we can #maga with @realdonaldtrump. poll numbers are starting to look very good. leading in florida @cnn arizona and big jump in utah. all numbers rising national way up. wow! so many in the african-american community are doing so badly poverty and crime way up employment and jobs way down: i will fix it promise. just watched recap of #crookedhillary s speech. very short and lies. she is the only one fear-mongering! hillary clinton s short speech is pandering to the worst instincts in our society. she should be ashamed of herself! hillary clinton is using race-baiting to try to get african-american voters- but they know she is all talk and no action! hrc is using the oldest play in the dem playbook- when their policies fail they are left w this one tired argument! hillary clinton only knows how to make a speech when it is a hit on me. no policy and always very short stamina . media gives her a pass! clinton corruption and her sabotage of the inner cities. full speech transcript:. @foxnation: flashback: hillary clinton praised former kkk member robert byrd as friend and mentor :. @donaldjtrumpjr: company gouging price of epipens is a clinton foundation donor and partner via dailycaller. hillary clinton needs to address the racist undertones of her 2008 campaign. #flashbackfriday. @lewenskimo: your opponent has run out of ideas now resorts to personal attacks on you. every amercan knows you represent hope!! the clinton s are the real predators... crooked hillary will never be able to solve the problems of poverty education and safety within the african-american & hispanic communities. what do african-americans and hispanics have to lose by going with me. look at the poverty crime and educational statistics. i will fix it! wonderful @pastormarkburns was attacked viciously and unfairly on @msnbc by crazy @morningmika on low ratings @morning joe. apologize! i am very proud to have brought the subject of illegal immigration back into the discussion. such a big problem for our country-i will solve. how quickly people forget that crooked hillary called african-american youth super predators - has she apologized? hillary clinton deleted emails using program intended to prevent recovery #crookedhillary. meet the trumpocrats: lifelong democrats breaking w party over hillary to support donald trump for president:. army training slide lists hillary clinton as insider threat:. i will be interviewed by @kimguilfoyle at 7pm on @foxnews. #enjoy! thank you @teamtrump florida. keep me updated and lets get those 100000 registered voters!#makeamericagreatagain. will be in phoenix arizona on wednesday. changing venue to much larger one. demand is unreal. polls looking great! #imwithyou. join us via our new #americafirst app! #trumppence16. new polls - join the movement today. #imwithyou. heroin overdoses are taking over our children and others in the midwest. coming in from our southern border. we need strong border & wall! @diamondandsilk: crooked hillary getting desperate. on tv bashing trump. @cnn she forgot how she said a kkk member was her mentor. @goldjazz559: #blackmenforbernie leader: #hillary2016 no regard for black race via @dailycaller #blacksfortrump. dwyane wade s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago. just what i have been saying. african-americans will vote trump! my condolences to dwyane wade and his family on the loss of nykea aldridge. they are in my thoughts and prayers. just landed in iowa to attend a great event in honor of wonderful senator @joniernst. look forward to being with all of my friends. thank you iowa! #imwithyou. it was an honor to have the amazing root family join me in iowa. i have been so inspired by their courage & bravery. national debt january 2009 10.6 trillionaugust 2016 19.4 trillion. @lindaharden: @realdonaldtrump america loves trump and @mike pence -- praying for you every day. stay strong. #trumppence2016 #neverhillary. join me tuesday in everett washington at the xfinity arena! tickets:. thank you arizona! #votetrump. today is the 53rd anniversary of the march on washington - today we honor the enduring fight for justice equality and opportunity. i think that both candidates crooked hillary and myself should release detailed medical records. i have no problem in doing so! hillary? i will be making a major speech on illegal immigration on wednesday in the great state of arizona. big crowds looking for a larger venue. look how bad it is getting! how much more crime how many more shootings will it take for african-americans and latinos to vote trump safe! inner-city crime is reaching record levels. african-americans will vote for trump because they know i will stop the slaughter going on! @patrici: crowd at trump rally in akron ohio is a sea of women minorities independents dems via @gatewaypundit. @rhondar: thank-you clarence henderson for telling @cnn you know racism & it s not donaldtrump via @breitbartnews. @pmnorlando: @realdonaldtrump i know of no one voting for crooked hillary! her rallies are held in blank & she still has room. does anyone know that crooked hillary who tried so hard was unable to pass the bar exams in washington d.c. she was forced to go elsewhere. crooked hillary s brainpower is highly overrated.probably why her decision making is so bad or as stated by bernie s she has bad judgement. now that african-americans are seeing what a bad job hillary type policy and management has done to the inner-cities they want trump! #crookedhillary. we will repeal and replace the horrible disaster known as #obamacare! #makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. join me this wednesday in phoenix arizona at 6pm! #imwithyoutickets:. join me this thursday in wilmington ohio at noon! #imwithyoutickets:. from day one i said that i was going to build a great wall on the southern border and much more. stop illegal immigration. watch wednesday! @meequalsfree: looking forward to seeing you again! everett to be a packed house! @realdonaldtrump @mike pence. thank you america! #maga. thank you north carolina! #maga. i have accepted the invitation of president enrique pena nieto of mexico and look very much forward to meeting him tomorrow. thank you washington! together we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst. former president vicente fox who is railing against my visit to mexico today also invited me when he apologized for using the f bomb. hillary clinton didn t go to louisiana and now she didn t go to mexico. she doesn t have the drive or stamina to make america great again! great trip to mexico today - wonderful leadership and high quality people! look forward to our next meeting. just arrived in arizona! #imwithyou. mexico will pay for the wall - 100 !#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. there will be no amnesty!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. hillary clinton doesn t have the strength or the stamina to make america great again! #americafirst. under a trump administration it s called #americafirst! #imwithyou. mexico will pay for the wall! thank you to @foxandfriends for the great review of the speech on immigration last night. thank you also to the great people of arizona! poll numbers way up - making big progress! thank you for having me this morning @americanlegion. i enjoyed my time with everyone! #alconvention2016. i am promising you a new legacy for america. we re going to create a new american future. thank you ohio! #imwithyou. i will be interviewed by @ericbolling tonight at 8pm on the @oreillyfactor. enjoy! just heard that crazy and very dumb @morningmika had a mental breakdown while talking about me on the low ratings @morning joe. joe a mess! people will be very surprised by our ground game on nov. 8. we have an army of volunteers and people with great spirit! they want to #maga! i visited our trump tower campaign headquarters last night after returning from ohio and arizona and it was packed with great pros - win! great new poll iowa - thank you!#makeamericagreatagain #imwithyou. #americafirst #imwithyou. #imwithyou. thank you great faith ministries international bishop wayne t. jackson and detroit! i am returning to the pensacola bay center in florida- friday 9 9 16 at 7pm. join me! great visit to detroit church fantastic reception and all @cnn talks about is a small protest outside. inside a large and wonderful crowd! .@cnn is so disgusting in their bias but they are having a hard time promoting crooked hillary in light of the new e-mail scandals. wow the failing @nytimes has not reported properly on crooked s fbi release. they are at the back of the pack - no longer a credible source. crooked hillary s v.p. pick said this morning that i was not aware that russia took over crimea. a total lie - and taken over during o term! @annebellar: @realdonaldtrump @cnn cnn is so biased. never ever watch them. trump 2016!! the republican party needs strong and committed leaders not weak people such as @jeffflake if it is going to stop illegal immigration. the great state of arizona where i just had a massive rally amazing people has a very weak and ineffective senator jeff flake. sad! the polls are close so crooked hillary is getting out of bed and will campaign tomorrow.why did she hammer 13 devices and acid-wash e-mails? to the african-american community: the democrats have failed you for fifty years high crime poor schools no jobs. i will fix it vote t. lyin hillary clinton told the fbi that she did not know the c markings on documents stood for classified. how can this be happening? @chernuna: @realdonaldtrump it defies belief the web of lies hillary is spinning! one excuse after another. then it s this then it s that. @lblackvelvet: @realdonaldtrump we need to show americans that hillary will kill our country !! vote for trump !! @ronnieclemmons: @chriscjackson @takouis @realdonaldtrump trump now leads her by 2 - get real she will lose big. @tweak626: i m at a biker rally in perry kansas...and everyone is a @realdonaldtrump fan. love it. @osprey675: @miami4trump i followed you because you are a patriot & support @realdonaldtrump as do i. #maga by sticking together. president obama & putin fail to reach deal on syria - so what else is new? obama is not a natural deal maker. only makes bad deals! can you believe that the chinese would not give obama the proper stairway to get off his plane - fight on tarmac! #laborday #americafirstvideo:. thank you american legion post 610- for hosting @mike pence & i for a roundtable with labor leaders. #laborday #maga. heading to youngstown ohio now- some great polls. #americafirst. thank you ohio! #americafirst. the truly great phyllis schlafly who honored me with her strong endorsement for president has passed away at 92. she was very special! china wouldn t provide a red carpet stairway from air force one and then philippines president calls obama the son of a whore. terrible! as a tribute to the late great phyllis schlafly i hope everybody can go out and get her latest book the conservative case for trump. thank you! #americafirst. @ler: message for undecided voters: please wake up and vote donaldtrump now! trump pence very important save our america before too late! mainstream media never covered hillarys massive hackingor coughing attack yet it is #1 trending. whats up? thank you! #votetrump #imwithyou. join me in pensacola florida this friday at 7pm! #votetrump. thank you to all of our amazing military families service members and veterans. #imwithyou. great meeting with military spouses in virginia- joined by @ivankatrump @laraleatrump @genflynn & @mayorrgiuliani. thank you north carolina- get out & #votetrump on 11 8 2016!#makeamericagreatagain. i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 11pme @foxnews. enjoy! @adhd fa:kudos to @parisdennard for standing up to cnn s attempt to bully you and shout you down for defending @realdonaldtrump #media bias. donald trump leads hillary clinton by 19 points among military veteran voters: poll #americafirst #maga. #americafirst! wow - thank you pensacola fl. see you friday at 7pm -- join me! thank you peter - if elected i will think big for our country & never let the american people down! #americafirst. thank you to our fantastic veterans. the reviews and polls from almost everyone of my commander-in-chief presentation were great. nice! thank you america - great #commanderinchiefforum polls! thank you to @foxandfriends for the nice reviews of last night. coming up @genflynn @newtgingrich on @foxandfriends. wow reviews are in - thank you! a rough night for hillary clinton abc news. hillary just gave a disastrous news conference on the tarmac to make up for poor performance last night. she s being decimated by the media! hillary clinton answered email questions differently last night than she has in the past. she is totally confused. unfit to serve as #potus. mexico has lost a brilliant finance minister and wonderful man who i know is highly respected by president pea nieto. with luis mexico and the united states would have made wonderful deals together - where both mexico and the us would have benefitted. last nights results - in poll taken by nbc. #americafirst #imwithyou. more poll results from last nights commander-in-chief forum. #americafirst #trumptrain. it wasn t matt lauer that hurt hillary last night. it was her very dumb answer about emails & the veteran who said she should be in jail. final poll results from nbc on last nights commander-in-chief forum. thank you! #imwithyou #maga. the documentary of me that @cnn just aired is a total waste of time. i don t even know many of the people who spoke about me. a joke! .@cnn is unwatchable. their news on me is fiction. theyare a disgrace to the broadcasting industry and an arm of the clinton campaign. jeff zucker failed @nbc and he is now failing @cnn. henry mcmaster lt. governor of south carolina who endorsed me beat failed @cnn announcer bakari sellers so badly. funny! make america great again!#americafirst #imwithyou. great honor to be endorsed by popular & successful @gov gilmore of va. a state that i very much want to win-thx jim! thank you ohio. together we will make america great again! will be delivering a major speech tonight - live on @oreillyfactor at 8:10pm from pensacola florida. thank you florida - we are going to make america great again! join us: #americafirst. dummy writer @tonyschwartz who wanted to do a second book with me for years i said no is now a hostile basket case who feels jilted! i havn t seen @tonyschwartz in many years he hardly knows me. never liked his style. super lib crooked h supporter. irrelevant dope! just returned from pensacola florida where the crowd was incredible. @stvzbnk: just watched @tonyschwartz. obviously tony is a total whack job @realdonaldtrump. will be in missouri today with melania for the funeral of a wonderful and truly respected woman phyllis s! wow hillary clinton was so insulting to my supporters millions of amazing hard working people. i think it will cost her at the polls! really sad that republicans would allow themselves to be used in a clinton ad. lindsey graham romney flake sass. supreme court remember! while hillary said horrible things about my supporters and while many of her supporters will never vote for me i still respect them all! hillary clinton just had her 47 moment. what a terrible thing she said about so many great americans! the seriously failing @nytimes despite so much winning and poll numbers that will soon put me in first place only writes dishonest hits! #neverforget. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. will be on @cnbc at @7:22. enjoy! stopped by @trumpdc to thank all of the tremendous men & women for their hard work! just got back from asheville north carolina where we had a massive rally. the spirit of the crowd was unbelievable. thank you! #maga. @brimyers813: saw ur speech on twitter. u give me hope and optimism. i feel as though i am in the room with u. i pray 4 ur our success. join me in clive iowa tomorrow at noon! #americafirst #magatickets:. heading to iowa- join me today at noon! #makeamericagreatagaintickets:. join us today! together we will #makeamericagreatagain! thank you clive iowa! #imwithyou #americafirst. child care reforms that will make america great again!transcript:. thank you @repreneeellmers! thank you rep. @marshablackburn! thank you rep. @cynthialummis! why isn t president obama working instead of campaigning for hillary clinton? russia took crimea during the so-called obama years. who wouldn t know this and why does obama get a free pass? thank you ohio - see you tonight! great poll florida - thank you! #imwithyou #americafirst. thank you @atfd17! #imwithyouvideo:. thank you florida- can t wait to see you friday in miami! join me:. thank you ohio! just landed in canton for a rally at the civic center. join me at 7pm:. honor to have been interviewed by the very wonderful @bishopwtjackson in detroit last week - tune in at 9pme. enjoy! great evening in canton ohio-thank you! we are going to make america great again! join us:. great poll out of nevada- thank you! see you soon. #maga #americafirst. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow at 7am. enjoy! i was never a fan of colin powell after his weak understanding of weapons of mass destruction in iraq disaster. we can do much better! @ghfanlovessonny: @realdonaldtrump you have my vote in pennsylvania. trump 2016 thank you! will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 a.m. enjoy! thank you for having me! i enjoyed the tour and spending time with everyone. see you soon. #maga. thank you to all of our law enforcement officers - across america! #lesm #maga. thank you @jerryjrfalwell! full transcript of economic plan- delivered to the economic club of new york. #maga. i will be interviewed by @jessebwatters on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8pm. enjoy! will be joining @jimmyfallon on @fallontonight at 11:35pme tonight. enjoy! instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world s great magnet for innovation & job creation! @jimmyfallon: tonight: @realdonaldtrump @normmacdonald a performance by kiiaraand your funniest #myteacherisweird tweets. #fallontonight. @ak tweet: #thedonald s hair gets the #jimmyfallon treatment on #thetonightshow #trumppence16 so true! thank you for a great evening - laconia new hampshire -- will be back soon! #americafirst. i am now going to the brand new trump international hotel d.c. for a major statement. i am truly honored and grateful for receiving so much support from our american heroes... great parade in the villages- i love you all. we will #maga. thank you for the incredible support-i will not forget! just leaving miami for houston oklahoma and colorado. miami crowd was fantastic! just arrived in texas - have been informed two @fortworthpd officers have been shot. my thoughts and prayers are with them. a very interesting take from @katiepavlich:. donald trumps birther event is the greatest trick hes ever pulled. my thoughts and prayers go out to the @phillypolice & @penn police officers- in philadelphia. crooked hillary wants to take your 2nd amendment rights away. will guns be taken from her heavily armed secret service detail? maybe not! i never met former defense secretary robert gates. he knows nothing about me. but look at the results under his guidance - a total disaster! .@cnn just doesn t get it and that s why their ratings are so low - and getting worse. boring anti-trump panelists mostly losers in life! wacky @nytimesdowd who hardly knows me makes up things that i never said for her boring interviews and column. a neurotic dope! crazy maureen dowd the wacky columnist for the failing @nytimes pretends she knows me well--wrong! the failing @nytimes has gone nuts that crooked hillary is doing so badly. they are willing to say anything has become a laughingstock rag! my lawyers want to sue the failing @nytimes so badly for irresponsible intent. i said no for now but they are watching. really disgusting. heading to colorado for a big rally. massive crowd great people! will be there soon - the polls are looking good. never met but never liked dopey robert gates. look at the mess the u.s. is in. always speaks badly of his many bosses including obama. i would like to express my warmest regards best wishes and condolences to all of the families and victims of the horrible bombing in nyc. happy birthday - to the united states air force!! under the leadership of obama & clinton americans have experienced more attacks at home than victories abroad. time to change the playbook! terrible attacks in ny nj and mn this weekend. thinking of victims their families and all americans! we need to be strong! will be on @foxandfriends at 7:02 a.m. enjoy. @angpiazza: @foxandfriends @realdonaldtrump he s the only candidate that will keep us safe! @tarukmatuk: @cnn @foxnews @realdonaldtrump @rogerrice10 refugees from syria over 10k plus more coming. lots young males poorly vetted. great job once again by law enforcement! we are proud of them and should embrace them - without them we don t have a country! once again someone we were told is ok turns out to be a terrorist who wants to destroy our country & its people- how did he get thru system? hillary clinton s weakness while she was secretary of state has emboldened terrorists all over the world..cont:. philly fop chief on presidential endorsement: clinton blew the police off. i will be interviewed on the @oreillyfactor - tonight from florida now. enjoy! together we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #americafirst. amazing rally in florida - this is a movement! join us today at. crooked hillary has been fighting isis or whatever she has been doing for years. now she has new ideas. it is time for change. thank you georgia! #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain. thank you nevada! #americafirst#makeamericagreatagain. do people notice hillary is copying my airplane rallies - she puts the plane behind her like i have been doing from the beginning. heading to north carolina for two big rallies. will be there soon. we will bring jobs back where they belong! hillary clinton is taking the day off again she needs the rest. sleep well hillary - see you at the debate! thank you high point nc! i will fight for every neglected part of this nation & i will fight to bring us together. thank you kenansville north carolina! remember- on november 8th that special interest gravy train is coming to a. it is a movement - not a campaign. leaving the past behind changing our future. together we will make america saf. the situations in tulsa and charlotte are tragic. we must come together to make america safe again. hopefully the violence & unrest in charlotte will come to an immediate end. to those injured get well soon. we need unity & leadership. thank you toledo ohio! it is so important for you to get out and vote on november 8 2016! lets make america safe. great new polls! thank you nevada north carolina & ohio. join the movement today & lets #maga! .@youngdems4trump thank you! @thallensboucher: @diamondandsilk @realdonaldtrump @seanhannity i love those beautiful gals. d s two amazing women! i will be interviewed from cleveland ohio on @seanhannity - tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy! will be on @foxandfriends now. join me in roanoke virginia on saturday evening at 6pm! #maga. this is more than a campaign- it is a movement. #makeamericagreatagainsign up today & we will win! spoke with governor @patmccrorync of north carolina today. he is doing a tremendous job under tough circumstances. tomorrow s the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga. hillary clinton just lost every republican she ever had including never trump all farmers & sm. biz by saying shell tax estates at 65 . how trump would stimulate the u.s. economy. join me in roanoke virginia tomorrow at the berglund center- coliseum 6pm! tickets available at:. crooked hillary s bad judgement forced her to announce that she would go to charlotte on saturday to grandstand. dem pols said no way dumb! today is the day! knock on doors and make calls with us on national day of action! #trumptrain #maga. the @sentedcruz endorsement was a wonderful surprise. i greatly appreciate his support! we will have a tremendous victory on november 8th. @kellyannepolls: trump is headed for a win says professor who has predicted 30 years of presidential outcomes. will be back in virginia tonight- for a 6pm rally at the berglund center in roanoke. join me! tickets:. if dopey mark cuban of failed benefactor fame wants to sit in the front row perhaps i will put gennifer flowers right alongside of him! thank you roanoke virginia - this a movement - join us today!sign up:. many on the team and staff of bernie sanders have been treated badly by the hillary clinton campaign - and they like trump on trade a lot! bernie sanders gave hillary the dem nomination when he gave up on the e-mails. that issue has only gotten bigger! looking forward to my meeting with benjamin netanyahu in trump tower at 10:00 a.m. readout of my meeting with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu:. five people killed in washington state by a middle eastern immigrant. many people died this weekend in ohio from drug overdoses. n.c. riots! really sad news: the great arnold palmer the king has died. there was no-one like him - a true champion! he will be truly missed. new national bloomberg poll just released - thank you! join the movement: #trumptrain. my team of deplorables will be managing my twitter account for this evenings debate. tune in!#debatenight #trumppence16. why isn t hillary clinton 50 points ahead?#debatenight. .@hillaryclinton and obama policies increased debt by 9trillion over the last 8 years. .@hillaryclinton channels john kerry on trade: she was for bad trade deals before she was against them. #tpp #debates2016. instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world s great magnet for innovation and job creati. .@hillaryclinton has been part of the rigged dc system for 30 years? why would we take policy advice from her? #debates2016. a clinton economy more taxes and more spending! #debatenight. hillary s bad tax habit! this is the simple fact about @hillaryclinton: she is a typical politician - all talk no action. #debates2016. i will stand with police and protect all americans! #debates2016 #maga. .@hillaryclinton s 2008 campaign and supporters trafficked in rumors about obama s heritage #debatenight. hillary clinton is the only candidate on stage who voted for the iraq war. #debates2016 #maga. hillary clinton failed all over the world. libyasyriairaniraqasia pivotrussian resetbenghazi. russia has more warheads than ever n korea is testing nukes and iran got a sweetheart deal to keep theirs. thanks @hillaryclinton. .@hillaryclinton - obama #isis strategy has allowed it to expand to become a global threat #debatenight. nothing on emails. nothing on the corrupt clinton foundation. and nothing on #benghazi. #debates2016 #debatenight. .@hillaryclintons nuclear agreement paved the way for the 400 million ransom payment #debatenight. thank you senator @tedcruz!#debates2016 #maga. thank you governor @mike pence!lets make america safe and great again with the american people. #americafirst. thank you governor @terrybranstad! #americafirst #debates2016. wow did great in the debate polls except for @cnn - which i don t watch . thank you! .@newtgingrich just said a historic victory for trump. nice! time #debatenight poll - over 800000 votes. thank you! #americafirst #maga. thank you! cnbc #debatenight poll with over 400000 votes. trump 61 clinton 39 #americafirst #imwithyou. .@drudge report s first presidential debate poll:trump: 80 clinton: 20 join the movement today & lets #maga! thank you! four new #debatenight polls with the movement winning. together we will make america safe & great again. great debate poll numbers - i will be on @foxandfriends at 7:00 to discuss. enjoy! i really enjoyed the debate last night.crooked hillary says she is going to do so many things.why hasn t she done them in her last 30 years? how trump won over a bar full of undecideds and democrats. i won every poll from last nights presidential debate - except for the little watched @cnn poll. the #1 trend on twitter right now is #trumpwon - thank you! true blue-collar billionaire donald trump shows hillary clinton is out of touch. hillary s been failing for 30 years in not getting the job done - it will never change. thank you! #trumpwon #maga. u.s. murders increased 10.8 in 2015 via @wsj:. such a great honor. final debate polls are in - and the movement wins!#americafirst #maga #imwithyou. thank you for your endorsement @governorsununu. #maga. well now they re saying that i not only won the nbc presidential forum but last night the big debate. nice! in the last 24 hrs. we have raised over 13m from online donations and national call day and were still going! thank you america! #maga. great afternoon in little havana with hispanic community leaders. thank you for your support! #imwithyou. cnbc time magazine online polls say donald trump won the first presidential debate via @washtimes. #maga. hillary clinton s campaign continues to make false claims about foundation disclosure:. once again we will have a government of by and for the people. join the movement today! join me for a 3pm rally - tomorrow at the mid-america center in council bluffs iowa! tickets:. unbelievable evening in melbourne florida w 15000 supporters- and an additional 12000 who could not get in. tha. my supporters are the best! 18 million from hard-working people who know what we can be again! shatter the record:. every on-line poll time magazine drudge etc. has me winning the debate. thank you to fox & friends for so reporting! join me in council bluffs iowa- today at 3pm! #makeamericagreatagain tickets:. melania and i extend our deepest condolences to the family of shimon peres... an honor to meet with the polish american congress in chicago this morning! #imwithyou video:. thank you council bluffs iowa! will be back soon. remember- everything you need to know about hillary -- just. join me live in waukesha wisconsin for an 8pme rally! #americafirst #maga. joining @oreillyfactor from waukesha wisconsin - now live! enjoy! thank you waukesha wisconsin! full transcript of my speech #followthemoney:. join me in bedford new hampshire- tomorrow at 3:00pm. can t wait to see everyone! #americafirst #maga. will be in novi michigan this friday at 5:00pm. join the movement! tickets available at:. my condolences to those involved in today s horrible accident in nj and my deepest gratitude to all of the amazing first responders. join me in manheim pennsylvania on saturday at 7pm! #trumprallytickets:. thank you for joining me this afternoon new hampshire! will be back soon. #followthemoneyspeech transcript:. while hillary profits off the rigged system i am fighting for you! remember the simple phrase: #followthemoney. wow did you see how badly @cnn clinton news network is doing in the ratings. with people like @donlemon who could expect any more? anytime you see a story about me or my campaign saying sources said do not believe it. there are no sources they are just made up lies! wow crooked hillary was duped and used by my worst miss u. hillary floated her as an angel without checking her past which is terrible! using alicia m in the debate as a paragon of virtue just shows that crooked hillary suffers from bad judgement! hillary was set up by a con. did crooked hillary help disgusting check out sex tape and past alicia m become a u.s. citizen so she could use her in the debate? remember don t believe sources said by the very dishonest media. if they don t name the sources the sources don t exist. the people are really smart in cancelling subscriptions to the dallas & arizona papers & now usa today will lose readers! the people get it! why isn t hillary 50 points ahead? maybe it s the email scandal policies that spread isis or calling millions of. for those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o clock in the morning at least you know i will be there awake to answer the call! join me in pueblo colorado on monday afternoon at 3pm! #trumprally. thank you for your support - on my way now! see you soon. #trumptrain. thank you novi michigan! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11 8. together we will make america great again! i believe in #americafirst and that means family first! my childcare plan reflects the needs of modern working-clas. crooked h is nasty to sanders supporters behind closed doors. owned by wall st and politicians hrc is not with you. i won the debate if you decide without watching the totally one-sided spin that followed. this despite the really bad microphone. the so-called commission on presidential debates admitted to us that the djt audio & sound level was very bad. so why didn t they fix it? wow just saw the really bad @cnn ratings. people don t want to watch bad product that only builds up crooked hillary. heading to pennsylvania for a big rally tonight. we will make america great again! i know our complex tax laws better than anyone who has ever run for president and am the only one who can fix them. #failing@nytimes. i have created tens of thousands of jobs and will bring back great american prosperity. hillary has only created jobs at the fbi and doj! @trumplican2016: .@realdonaldtrump there will be massive turnout for you mr. trump - these polls don t register the pulse of the people! bernie should pull his endorsement of crooked hillary after she decieved him and then attacked him and his supporters. melania and i extend our warmest greetings to those observing rosh hashanah here in the united states in israel and around the world. just announced that iraq u.s. is preparing for battle to reclaim mosul. why do they have to announce this? makes mission much harder! join me in henderson nevada on wednesday at 11:30am! #maga tickets:. thank you pueblo colorado! #trumprally #americafirst. we must bring the truth directly to hard-working americans who want to take our country back. #bigleaguetruth. thank you colorado! #maga. join me in reno nevada on wednesday at 3:30pm at the reno-sparks convention center! #magatickets:. join me in reno nevada tomorrow at 3:30pm! #americafirst #magatickets:. i will be watching the great governor @mike pence and live tweeting the vp debate tonight starting at 8:30pm est! enjoy! my childcare plan makes a difference for working families - more money more freedom. #americafirst means. thank you arizona! this is a movement like nobody has ever seen before. together we are going to make america safe. join the movement! wow did you just hear bill clinton s statement on how bad obamacare is. hillary not happy. as i have been saying repeal and replace! wow @cnn is so negative. their panel is a joke biased and very dumb. i m turning to @foxnews where we get a fair shake! mike will do great. i will be live-tweeting the v.p. debate. very exciting! make america great again! here we go - enjoy! both are looking good! now we begin! .@megynkelly- i am in nevada. sorry to inform you kellyanne is in the audience. better luck next time. @roadkingl: @mike pence wow kaine couldn t go 12 seconds without a lie. marines and military are scared of the liar running. #bengazi. @lainey34210: @realdonaldtrump great opening pence. @susiesentinel: #pence is so much more likeable than kaine #cbsnews @realdonaldtrump. @bigdog joey: @realdonaldtrump @timkaine is so angry. our @mike pence looks great. kaine can t defend all those lies #makeamericagreatagain. @elisac006: @nycmia @realdonaldtrump i agree. kaine looks like a fool!! @jnelson52722: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel kaine looks like an evil crook out of the batman movies. @teamtrump: .@mike pence & @realdonaldtrump are proven job creators and are prepared to bring jobs back to the american people! .@mike pence is doing a great job - so far no contest! @arsenmissyirvin: i want a you re fired president with people in govt who are wasting my tax s. @realdonaldtrump. @carol lcnixon67: @realdonaldtrump kaine says hillary and he have plans. she could care less what kaine thinks. @ifdanyt: @realdonaldtrump loving @mike pence he s so likeable and sensible. kaine is just talking bull! @bcuzimdamomma: @freedavidking no she only gets #americans killed #benghazi - we need @realdonaldtrump #maga. @aldonturnaolco1: @frankluntz @marthamaccallum @realdonaldtrump good!! .@timkaine oversaw unemployment increase by 179249 while @mike pence decreased unemployment in indiana by 113826. @geeveem: @realdonaldtrump @susiesentinel pence is so prepared! he did his homework to outperform kaine. .@hillaryclinton sneers at millions of average americans. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth. i agree mike - thank you to all of our law enforcement officers! #vpdebate police officers are the best of us... @mike pence. what they are saying about mike pence dominating the debate: #vpdebate. .@mike pence and i will defeat #isis. #vpdebate. clintons flailing syria policy was judged a failure: #vpdebate. .@timkaine is the anti-defense senator. #vpdebate #bigleaguetruth. icymi: pence: i ran a state that worked kaine ran a state that failed. .@timkaine is wrong for defense: #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate. sanctions relief from clinton-obama iran nuclear deal likely go to terrorists: #bigleaguetruth #vpdebate. clintons close ties to putin deserve scrutiny: #vpdebate. clinton is weak on north korea: #vpdebate. .@hillaryclintons careless use of a secret server put national security at risk: #vpdebate#bigleaguetruth. @flifeforce: @ cfj @vine that is a reason to not vote for hillary clinton. vote for liberty! vote for @realdonaldtrump. clintons top aides were mired in conflict of interest at the state department: #bigleaguetruth. @gsimmons03ginny: @realdonaldtrump ..kaine is awful trump and pence are the ticket..no more lies we are ready to see america great again! @anyonetennis: @timkaine cannot believe how often the moderator interrupts #pence vs the other guy...so obvious @foxnews so true! mike pence won big. we should all be proud of mike! the constant interruptions last night by tim kaine should not have been allowed. mike pence won big! beautiful morning- thank you @iclv! about to begin a rally here in henderson nevada. new reuters poll just out- thank you! join the movement:. thank you henderson nv. this is a movement like never seen before! watch some of the rally via my facebook page:. bill clinton is right: obamacare is crazy doesn t work and doesn t make sense . thanks bill for telling the truth. thank you @senjohnmccain for your kind remarks on the important issue of ptsd and the dishonest media. great to be in arizona yesterday! small business says trump is their pick for president. early voting: mn & ia already underway more states coming up in the next week: oh me az in check w local officials for details & vote! thank you south carolina! everyone has to get out and vote on 11 8 16. #makeamericagreatagain. reuters polling just out- thank you!#makeamericagreatagain. amazing rally in reno nevada- thank you. make sure you get out on 11 8 & vote #trumppence16. together we will put. such a great honor! nation s immigration and customs enforcement officers ice make first-ever presidential endorsement:. pennsylvania poll just released. two rallies there on mon- join me!ambridge:. new virginia poll- thank you! we are going to show the whole world that america is back bigger and better and s. praying for everyone in florida. hoping the hurricane dissipates but in any event please be careful. volunteer to be a trump election observer. sign up today!#makeamericagreatagain. donald trump: a president for all americans. vote #trumppence16 on 11 8 16! thank you tennessee! #maga. new national rasmussen poll:. @kevcirilli: trump speaking in exact same tone he did in waterville valley on 12 1. the night i first realized he was gonna be gop nominee. thoughts & prayers with the millions of people in the path of hurricane matthew. look out for neighbors and listen. here is my statement. certainly has been an interesting 24 hours! the media and establishment want me out of the race so badly - i will never drop out of the race will never let my supporters down! #maga. thank you to my great supporters in wisconsin. i heard that the crowd and enthusiasm was unreal! tremendous support except for some republican leadership . thank you. exclusive video interview: bill clinton accuser juanita broaddrick relives brutal rapes:. @jodygirl1010: @realdonaldtrump i am a woman who continues to support & stand with #trump! #dtmag thank you. @eericmyers: @realdonaldtrump republican leadership should have only one job: help elect the nominee we voted for donald j. trump. @charleneosbor17: @realdonaldtrump politicians don t count. it s the people. we are behind trump all the way to white house. @maidaa17: @realdonaldtrump gop traitors! not supporting u is voting for her destroying america. @henryleledog: @realdonaldtrump this black democrat is on the trump train !! so many self-righteous hypocrites. watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down! la times- usc dornsife sunday poll: donald trump retains 2 point lead over hillary:. exclusive videobroaddrick willey jones to bill s defenders: these are crimes terrified of enabler hillary. the palestinian terror attack today reminds the world of the grievous perils facing israeli citizens....continued:. join me on #facebooklive as i conclude my final #debate preparations. my team of deplorables will be taking over my twitter account for tonight s #debate#makeamericagreatagain. its this simple. make america great again. #debate #bigleaguetruth. im not proud of my locker room talk. but this world has serious problems. we need serious leaders. #debate #bigleaguetruth. theres never been anyone more abusive to women in politics than bill clinton.my words were unfortunate-the clintons actions were far worse. donald j. trump s history of empowering women #bigleaguetruth. if i win-i am going to instruct my ag to get a special prosecutor to look into your situation bc there s never been anything like your lies. basically nothing hillary has said about her secret server has been true. #crookedhillary. hillarys 33000 deleted emails about her daughters wedding. thats a lot of wedding emails. #debate. attn: @hillaryclinton - why did five of your staffers need fbi immunity?! #bigleaguetruth #debates. obama and clinton told the same lie to sell #obamacare. #debates2016. we must repeal obamacare and replace it with a much more competitive comprehensive affordable system. #debate #maga. .@hillaryclinton : bill clarified what he meant when calling obamacare a disaster. actually disaster is pretty clear. #debate. .@hillaryclinton is not above the law!#debates2016. #crookedhillary has failed all over the world! #bigleaguetruth #debates2016. .@hillaryclinton #icymi- we are not in a narrative fight. @mike pence #maga. .@hillaryclinton - its called extreme vetting! #debates2016. i hope when the msm runs its interruption counters they consider the # of times the moderators interrupted me com. hypocrite! @hillaryclinton claims she needs a public and a private stance in discussions with wall street banks. #debate. you need both a public and a private position @hillaryclinton #debates2016. we re going to cut taxes big league for the middle class. she s raising your taxes and i m lowering your taxes! history lesson: theres a big difference between hillary clinton and abraham lincoln. for one his nickname is hone. here are hillary clinton s accomplishments at the state department.#debates2016 #rattledhillary. the world is most peaceful and most prosperous when america is strongest. this is the definition of ransom. we cannot let this evil continue! #debates2016. in my administration every american will be treated equally protected equally and honored equally #debate #bigleaguetruth. fact on red line in syria: hrc i wasnt there. fact: line drawn in aug 12. hrc secy of state til feb 13. if @hillaryclinton is president shell be all talk and nothing will get done. #debate #bigleaguetruth. we agree @potus- she ll hillary clinton say anything & change nothing. it s time to turn the page -president obama. this country cannot take four more years of barack obama! #debate. @ac360: how can you unite a country if youve written off tens of millions of americans? #deplorables #bigleaguetruth #debate. our country has the slowest growth since 1929. #bigleaguetruth #debate. hypocrite: @hillaryclinton is the single biggest beneficiary of citizens united in history by far. #debate #bigleaguetruth. my pro-growth econ plan:eliminate excessive regulations! lean government!lower taxes!#debates. thank you st. louis missouri!#makeamericagreatagain. thank you for all of the great comments on the debate last night. very exciting! paul ryan should spend more time on balancing the budget jobs and illegal immigration and not waste his time on fighting republican nominee. cnn is the worst - fortunately they have bad ratings because everyone knows they are biased. debate polls look great - thank you!#maga #americafirst. wow @cnn got caught fixing their focus group in order to make crooked hillary look better. really pathetic and totally dishonest! is this really america? terrible! thank you pennsylvania. this is a movement like we have never seen before! #votetrumppence16 on 11 8 16- together. despite winning the second debate in a landslide every poll it is hard to do well when paul ryan and others give zero support! our very weak and ineffective leader paul ryan had a bad conference call where his members went wild at his disloyalty. it is so nice that the shackles have been taken off me and i can now fight for america the way i want to. with the exception of cheating bernie out of the nom the dems have always proven to be far more loyal to each other than the republicans! disloyal r s are far more difficult than crooked hillary. they come at you from all sides. they dont know how to win - i will teach them! wow. unbelievable. 13 states have voter registration deadlines today: fl oh pa mi ga tx nm in la tn ar ky sc.register:. the very foul mouthed sen. john mccain begged for my support during his primary i gave he won then dropped me over locker room remarks! in texas now leaving soon for big rally in florida! i hope people are looking at the disgraceful behavior of hillary clinton as exposed by wikileaks. she is unfit to run. crooked s state dept gave special attention to friends of bill after the haiti earthquake. unbelievable! don t let her fool us again. voter registration deadlines today. you can register now at: and get out to. thank you texas! if you haven t registered to vote- today is your last day. go to: & get ou. wow @cnn town hall questions were given to crooked hillary clinton in advance of big debates against bernie sanders. hillary & cnn fraud! join me thursday in florida & ohio!west palm beach fl at noon: oh this 7:30pm:. thank you florida- a movement that has never been seen before and will never be seen again. lets get out &. crooked hillary clinton likes to talk about the things she will do but she has been there for 30 years - why didn t she do them? very little pick-up by the dishonest media of incredible information provided by wikileaks. so dishonest! rigged system! pay to play politics. #crookedhillary. the people of cuba have struggled too long. will reverse obama s executive orders and concessions towards cuba until freedoms are restored. the movement in lakeland florida. voter registration extended to 10 18. register asap @ &. i will be in cincinnati ohio tomorrow night at 7:30pm- join me! #ohiovotesearly #votetrumppence16 tickets:. why didn t the writer of the twelve year old article in people magazine mention the incident in her story. because it did not happen! the phony story in the failing @nytimes is a total fabrication. written by same people as last discredited story on women. watch! join me in ohio & maine!cincinnati ohio- tonight @ 7:30pm: maine - saturday @ 3pm. thank you! #maga #americafirst. i am making a major speech in west palm beach florida at noon. tune in! just left a great rally in florida - now heading to ohio for two more. will be there soon. great event in columbus- taking off for cincinnati now. great new ohio poll out- thank you!ohio nbc wsj marist polltrump 42 clinton 41. this is a crossroads in the history of our civilization that will determine whether or not we the people reclaim c. dem gov. of mn. just announced that the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable. i ve been saying this for years- disaster! join me in greensboro north carolina tomorrow at 2:00pm! #trumprally. join me live in cincinnati ohio!#trumprally #maga. thank you to our u.s. navy for protecting our country both in times of peace & war. together we will make america. what they are saying about the clinton campaigns anti-catholic bigotry:. thank you for your support greensboro north carolina. next stop - charlotte! #maga. make sure you re registered to vote! let s #makeamericagreatagain! we can t afford more years of failure! all info:. thank you charlotte north carolina! we are going to have an amazing victory on november 8th...because this is all. thank you @trumpwomenstour!#makeamericagreatagain. 100 fabricated and made-up charges pushed strongly by the media and the clinton campaign may poison the minds of the american voter. fix! this election is being rigged by the media pushing false and unsubstantiated charges and outright lies in order to elect crooked hillary! will be in bangor maine today at 3pm- join me! #magatickets:. hillary clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. instead she is running for president in what looks like a rigged election. mr. trump removing the broken teleprompter in north carolina-in front of a massive crowd. he goes on&delivers the b. the truth is a beautiful weapon. landing in new hampshire soon to talk about the massive drug problem there and all over the country. the movement in portsmouth new hampshire w 7k supporters. thank you! this is the biggest election of our lifetime. nothing ever happened with any of these women. totally made up nonsense to steal the election. nobody has more respect for women than me! the failing @nytimes reporters don t even call us anymore they just write whatever they want to write making up sources along the way! thank you bangor maine! get out & #votetrumppence16 on 11 8 16- and together we will make america safe and great a. a great day in new hampshire and maine. fantastic crowds and energy! #maga. thank you for sharing amy. @davidshiloach: @realdonaldtrump go mr. trump! israel is behind you! watched saturday night live hit job on me.time to retire the boring and unfunny show. alec baldwin portrayal stinks. media rigging election! polls close but can you believe i lost large numbers of women voters based on made up events that never happened. media rigging election! election is being rigged by the media in a coordinated effort with the clinton campaign by putting stories that never happened into news! they let crooked & the gang off the hook for the crime but it looks like the cover-up is just as bad. unbelievable! a country that crooked hillary says has funded isis also gave wild bill 1 million for his birthday? so corrupt! hillary s staff thought her email scandal might just blow over. who would trust these people with national security? we ve all wondered how hillary avoided prosecution for her email scheme. wikileaks may have found the answer. obama! the election is absolutely being rigged by the dishonest and distorted media pushing crooked hillary - but also at many polling places - sad. the vast majority felt she should be prosecuted... -- even senior fbi officials thought crooked was guilty. join me in wisconsin tomorrow or colorado on tuesday!green bay- 6pm springs- 1pm. the democrats have a corrupt political machine pushing crooked hillary clinton. we have paul ryan always fighting the republican nominee! paul ryan a man who doesn t know how to win including failed run four years ago must start focusing on the budget military vets etc. finally in the new abc news washington post poll hillary clinton is down 11 points with women voters and the election is close at 47-43! wow interview released by wikileakes shows quid pro quo in crooked hillary e-mail probe.such a dishonest person - & paul ryan does zilch! animals representing hillary clinton and dems in north carolina just firebombed our office in orange county because we are winning @ncgop. all safe in orange county north carolina. with you all the way will never forget. now we have to win. proud of you all! @ncgop. can t believe these totally phoney stories 100 made up by women many already proven false and pushed big time by press have impact! @marksimoneny: watch joe biden s long history of grabbing kissing and groping women who are cringing:. @prisonplanet: trump accuser praised him in an email as recently as april! this is all yet another hoax. terrible. @rosiegray: peter thiel chooses now to give 1.25mil in support of trump. of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day. why do republican leaders deny what is going on? so naive! we have all got to come together and win this election. we can t have four more years of obama or worse! . wikileaks proves even the clinton campaign knew crooked mishandled classified info but no one gets charged? rigged! breaking: state department s kennedy pressured fbi to unclassify clinton emails: fbi documents. unbelievable. voter fraud! crooked hillary clinton even got the questions to a debate and nobody says a word. can you imagine if i got the questions? corruption confirmed: fbi confirms state dept. offered quid pro quo to cover up classified emails. wow new polls just came out from @cnn great numbers especially after total media hit job. leading ohio 48 - 44. our thoughts are with the forces fighting isis in iraq. we must never back down against this extreme radical islami. state department official accused of offering quid pro quo in clinton email scandal. journalists shower hillary clinton with campaign cash. new polls are good because the media has deceived the public by putting women front and center with made-up stories and lies and got caught. crooked hillary colluded w fbi and doj and media is covering up to protect her. it s a #riggedsystem! our country d. join me in colorado springs colorado tomorrow at 1:00pm! #maga tickets:. trump virginia office announces statewide tv ad strategy and leadership team:. i will sign the first bill to repeal #obamacare and give americans many choices and much lower rates! my wife melania will be interviewed tonight at 8:00pm by anderson cooper on @cnn. i have no doubt she will do very well. enjoy! yet more evidence of a media-rigged election:. get rich quick! crooked hillary clinton s pay to play guide:. exclusive: fbi agents say comey stood in the way of clinton email investigation:. donald j. trump ethics reform plan for washington d.c. great night in wi. im going to fight for every person in this country who believes government should serve the peo. @therealmogul: 41 of american voters believe the election could be stolen from donaldtrump due to widespread voter fraud. - politico. i will make our government honest again -- believe me. but first i m going to have to #draintheswamp in dc. pay-to-play. collusion. cover-ups. and now bribery? so crooked. i will #draintheswamp. if we let crooked run the govt history will remember 2017 as the year america lost its independence. #draintheswamp. nevada: a quick reminder that today is your last day to register to vote! hillarys aides urged her to take foreign lobbyist donation and deal with attacks:. it is time to #draintheswamp in washington d.c! vote nov. 8th to take down the #rigged system! fl ks me md mn nj or & wv! it s the last day to mail in voter reg forms. get the forms at. thank you colorado springs. if im elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our count. trump rally disrupter was once on clinton s payroll. clinton campaign tried to limit damage from classified info on email server #draintheswamp. hillary is the most corrupt person to ever run for the presidency of the united states. #draintheswamp. time to #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and vote #trumppence16 on 11 8 2016. together we will make america safe. #draintheswamp. food groups emails show clinton campaign organized potential vps by race and gender:. it is time to #draintheswamp! more anti-catholic emails from team clinton:. the state department s shadow government #draintheswamp. scandals surround clinton s gatekeeper at state #draintheswamp. state works hard and illegally for clinton #draintheswamp. dem operative who oversaw trump rally agitators visited white house 342 times #draintheswamp. top hillary adviser mocked plotted attacks on pro-sanders civil rights leader #draintheswamp. join me in delaware ohio tomorrow at 12:30pm! #draintheswamp tickets:. hillary clinton deleted emails with her email server technician. obamacare premiums increasing 33 in pennsylvania - a complete disaster. it must be repealed and replaced! i am going to expand the definition of lobbyist - so we close all the loopholes! #draintheswamp. i will issue a lifetime ban against senior executive branch officials lobbying on behalf of a foreign government! join my team tonight at 8:30pme! over 250000 to lose health insurance in battleground north carolina due to #obamacare. unbelievable!clinton campaign contractor caught in voter-fraud video is a felon who visited white house 342 times:. i will be handing over my twitter account to my team of deplorables for tonight s #debate#makeamericagreatagain. tune in at and get the word out #bigleaguetruth #debate help us spread the truth stop the. this is an incredible movement- we are going to take our country back! #november8th #bigleaguetruth #debate. ready to lead. ready to make america great again. #debate #maga. hillary clinton wants to create the most liberal supreme court in history #debate #draintheswamp. the 2nd amendment is under siege. we need scotus judges who will uphold the us constitution. #debate #bigleaguetruth. .@realdonaldtrump will protect and defend the constitution #debate #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. .@hillaryclinton lists litany of ways she plans to restrict gun rights. 2a will not survive a hillary presidency. #debate #bigleaguetruth. it is so imperative that we have the right justices. #draintheswamp #debates#bigleaguetruth. .@realdonaldtrump is pro-life pro-family #bigleaguetruth #debates2016. #secondamendment #2a#debates. drugs are pouring into this country. if we have no border we have no country. thats why ice endorsed me. #debate #bigleaguetruth. hillary clinton will use american tax dollars to provide amnesty for thousands of illegals. i will put. one of my first acts as president will be to deport the drug lords and then secure the border. #debate #maga. plain & simple: we should only admit into this country those who share our values and respect our people. .@realdonaldtrump wants a safe america w stronger borders no amnesty and an end to sanctuary cities. he is. hillary is too weak to lead on border security-no solutions no ideas no credibility.she supported nafta worst deal in us history. #debate. trump & clinton on immigration#debate #bigleaguetruth. moderator: hillary paid 225000 by a brazilian bank for a speech that called for open borders. thats a quote! #debate #bigleaguetruth. hey @potus - we agree!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. hillary has called for 550 more syrian immigrants but wont even mention radical islamic terrorists. #debate. .@hillaryclinton- you have failed failed and failed. #bigleaguetruthtime to #draintheswamp! moderator: hillary plan calls for more regulation and more government spending. #debate #bigleaguetruth. .@hillaryclinton has been a foreign policy disaster for the american people. i will #makeamericastrongagain #debate. .@hillaryclinton talking about jobs? remember what she promised upstate new york. #bigleaguetruth#debates. .@hillaryclinton s tax hikes will crush our economy. i will cut taxes -- big league. #bigleaguetruth. this is what we can expect from #crookedhillary. more taxes. more spending. #bigleagetruth #draintheswamp #debates. #crookedhillary s plan will add 1.15 trillion in new taxes. we cannot afford her! #draintheswamp #debate. i will renegotiate nafta. if i cant make a great deal were going to tear it up. were going to get this economy running again. #debate. the choice is clear!#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. #crookedhillary gives obama an a for an economic recovery thats the slowest since wwii... #bigleaguetruth. .@hillaryclinton has been doing this for thirty years....where has she been? #bigleaguetruth. crooked hillary has never created a job in her life. we will create 25 million jobs. think she can do that? not a c. our country is stagnant. weve lost jobs and business. we dont make things anymore b c of the bill hillarys husband signed and she blessed. .@realdonaldtrump will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! #debate. brought to you by @hillaryclinton & her campaign- in chicago illinois. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. #crookedhillary is nothing more than a wall street puppet! #bigleaguetruth #debate. crooked s camp incited violence at my rallies. these incidents weren t spontaneous - like she claimed in benghazi! i will do more in the first 30 days in office than hillary has done in the last 30 years! #debate #bigleaguetruth. she ll say anything and change nothing! #maga #bigleaguetruth. .@hillaryclinton loves to lie. america has had enough of the clinton s! it is time to #draintheswamp! debates. moderator: respectfully you wont answer the pay-to-play question. #debate #bigleaguetruth. crooked @hillaryclinton s foundation is a criminal enterprise. time to #draintheswamp! #bigleaguetruth #debate. live fact-check: trump s right. the clinton foundation has taken millions from the middle east. #draintheswamp. crookeds top aides were mired in massive conflicts of interests at the state dept. we must #draintheswamp #debate. you should give the money back @hillaryclinton! #draintheswamp. hillary says take back mosul? we would have never lost mosul- if it wasn t for #crookedhillary. #draintheswamp. hillary failed all over the world. #bigleaguetruth libyasyriairaniraqasia pivotrussian resetbenghazi. bernie sanders on hrc: bad judgement. john podesta on hrc: bad instincts. #bigleaguetruth #debate. #bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. i opposed going into iraq. hillary voted for it. as with everything else she s supported it was a disaster. her instincts are suboptimal. what they are saying about @realdonaldtrump s great debate and @hillaryclinton s bad performance. after crooked @hillaryclinton allowed isis to rise she now claims she ll defeat them? laughable! here s my plan:. i will defeat isis. they have been around too long! what has our leadership been doing?#draintheswamp. usa has the greatest business people in the world but we let political hacks negotiate our deals. we need change! #bigleaguetruth #debate. together we can save american jobs american lives and american futures! #debates. the economy cannot take four more years of these same failed policies.#bigleaguetruth #draintheswamp. isis has infiltrated countries all over europe by posing as refugees and @hillaryclinton will allow it to happen h. .@realdonaldtrump is going to cut taxes big league -- crooked is going to raise taxes big league! #draintheswamp. we have to repeal & replace #obamacare! look at what is doing to people! #draintheswamp. hillary s health care policies#draintheswamp #debate. i started this campaign to make america great again. thats what im going to do. #maga #debate. we cannot take four more years of barack obama and thats what youll get if you vote for hillary. #bigleaguetruth. the era of division is coming to an end. we will create a new future of #americanunity. first we need to. join my team over on my facebook page- live now! #debates. that was really exciting. made all of my points. make america great again! great poll - thank you america! once we #draintheswamp together we will #maga#debate. join the movement to #maga! the washington times presidential debate poll:trump 77 18290 clinton 17 4100 #draintheswamp #debate. totally dishonest donna brazile chokes on the truth. highly illegal! watch:. just landed in ohio. thank you america- i am honored to win the final debate for our movement. it is time to. thank you america! #magarasmussen national polldonald trump 43 hillary clinton 40. why didn t hillary clinton announce that she was inappropriately given the debate questions - she secretly used them! crooked hillary. if elected potus - i will stop radical islamic terrorism in this country! in order to do this we need to. thank you delaware county ohio! remember- either we win this election or we are going to lose this country! want access to crooked hillary? don t forget - it s going to cost you!#draintheswamp #paytoplay. on behalf of the entire family we would truly be honored to have your vote! let s #makeamericagreatagain #earlyvote. #icymi - ohio rally!watch here:. upcoming rallies - join me!tomorrowfletcher nc @ 12pm. oh @ 7pm. trump won the third debate. crooked took millions from oppressive me countries. will she give the back? probably not. don t forget her slog. crooked hillary promised 200k jobs in ny and failed. we ll create 25m jobs when i m president and i will deliver! when obama took office in 2009 employer-provided premiums cost 13375. today they are 18142. thanks obama. in addition to those without health coverage- those that have disastrous #obamacare are seeing massive premium incr. hillary & obama s broken promises. #repealobamacare. huma calls it a mess the rest of us call it corrupt! wikileaks catches crooked in the act - again.#draintheswamp. the results are in on the final debate and it is almost unanimous i won! thank you these are very exciting times. great crowd in fletcher north carolina- thank you! heading to johnstown pennsylvania now! get out on november 8th. #crookedhillary was at center of negotiating 12m commitment from king mohammed vi of morocco to clinton fdn. a top clinton foundation official said he could name 500 different examples of conflicts of interest. great crowd in johnstown pennsylvania- thank you. get out & vote on 11 8! watch the movement in pa. this afternoon. very ironic: in 2010 video clinton lectured underlings on cybersecurity and guarding sensitive information. clinton campaign and harry reid worked with new york times to smear state dept watchdog time to #draintheswamp! crooked hillary clinton created this mess and she knows it. #draintheswamp. donna brazile shreds obama economy - acting dnc chair says people are more in despair about how things are. wikileaks reveals clinton camps work with very friendly and malleable reporters #draintheswamp #crookedhillary. #crookedhillary sending u.s. intelligence info. to podestas hacked email is unquestionably an opsec violation. thank you to the great crowd of supporters in newtown pennsylvania. get out & vote on 11 8 16. lets #maga! watch:. governor @mike pence and i will be in cleveland ohio tomorrow night at 7pm - join us! #magatickets:. just returned from pennsylvania where we will be bringing back their jobs. amazing crowd. will be going back tomorrow to gettysburg! the media refuses to talk about the three new national polls that have me in first place. biggest crowds ever - watch what happens! @jensen4law: best way to pay hillary back for what she did to @berniesanders #dncleak is a donaldtrump landslide. @aztrumptrain: i #voted for donaldtrump! #arizona #economy #immigration #jobs #veterans #bordercontrol #trade. will be in cleveland ohio w @mike pence tonight- join us: florida-tomorrow @ 6pm:. landing in pennsylvania now. great new poll this morning thank you. lets #draintheswamp and #makeamericagreatagain. thank you gettysburg pennsylvania! #draintheswamp. crooked hillary clinton tops middle east forums islamist money list. change has to come from outside our very broken system. #maga. today i introduced my contract with the american voter - our economy will be strong & our people will be safe. in order to #draintheswamp & create a new government of by & for the people i need your vote! go to let s #maga! unbelievable crowd of supporters in virginia beach virginia. thank you! next stop - cleveland ohio. hillary clinton: architect of failure #draintheswamp #crookedhillary. just arrived in cleveland ohio- join governor @mike pence and i now live via:. huma abedin told clinton her secret email account caused problems. trump lays out policies for first 100 days in white house. wikileaks: clinton-kaine even lied about timing of veep pick. thank you for the massive turnout tonight- cleveland ohio! get out & vote #trumppence16 on 11 8.watch rally here:. if you can t run your own house you certainly can t run the white house a statement made by mrs. obama about crooked hillary clinton. well iran has done it again. taken two of our people and asking for a fortune for their release. this doesn t happen if i m president! thank you las vegas review journal! editorial: donald trump for president via @reviewjournal. former prosecutor: the clintons are so corrupt everything they touch turns to molten lead. remember - get out on november 8th & vote #trumppence16. it is time to #draintheswamp -- this is our last chance! join me in naples florida this evening at 6:00pm! tickets:. #crookedhillary #paytoplay. the attack on mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. we gave them months of notice. u.s. is looking so dumb. vote trump and win again! thank you naples florida! get out and vote #trumppence16 on 11 8. lets #makeamericagreatagain! full naples rally. clinton charity got up to 56 million from nations that are anti-women gays #crookedhillary. clinton ally aided campaign of fbi officials wife. wow just came out on secret tape that crooked hillary wants to take in as many syrians as possible. we cannot let this happen - isis! major story that the dems are making up phony polls in order to suppress the the trump . we are going to win! why has nobody asked kaine about the horrible views emanated on wikileaks about catholics? media in the tank for clinton but trump will win! we are winning and the press is refusing to report it. don t let them fool you- get out and vote! #draintheswamp on november 8th! get out to vote on 11 8 2016- and we will #draintheswamp!rasmussen national trump 43 clinton 41. departing farmers round table in boynton beach florida. get out & vote- lets #maga! early voting by fl. county:. the clinton foundations most questionable foreign donations #paytoplay #draintheswamp. leaving west palm beach florida now - heading to st. augustine for a 3pm rally. will be in tampa at 7pm - join me:. hillary clinton had gun control supporters planted in town hall audience. honored to receive an endorsement from @sjsopio - thank you! together we are going to make america safe & great ag. join me live on my facebook page in st. augustine florida! lets #draintheswamp & make america great again! thank you st. augustine florida! get out and vote! join the movement - and lets #draintheswamp! off to tampa now! join me tomorrow in sanford or tallahassee florida!sanford at 3pm: at 6pm:. democratic operative caught on camera: hillary personally ordered donald duck troll campaign that broke the law. peter navarro: trump the bull vs. clinton the bear #draintheswamp. my contract with the american voter will restore honesty accountability & change to washington! #draintheswamp. thank you bobby bowden for the intro tonight and your support! i hope i can do as well for florida as you have done! record crowd in tampa florida- thank you! we will win florida #draintheswamp in washington d.c. and make america. as election looms some bad news for clinton democrats:. #obamacare premiums are about to skyrocket --- again. crooked h will only make it worse. we will repeal & replace! key obamacare premiums to jump 25 next year:. get out and vote! i am your voice and i will fight for you! we will make america great again! #obamacarefail. #obamacarefail. obamacare is a disaster! time to repeal & replace! #obamacarefail. #obamacarefail. obamacare is a disaster - as i ve been saying from the beginning. time to repeal & replace! #obamacarefail. truly honored to receive the first ever presidential endorsement from the bay of pigs veterans association. #maga. obamacare is a disaster. rates going through the sky - ready to explode. i will fix it. hillary can t!#obamacarefailed. obama warned of rigged elections in 2008. time to #draintheswamp. get your ballots in colorado - i will see you soon -- and we will win!#makeamericagreatagain. i have met & spent a lot of time with families @ the remembrance project. i will fight for them everyday! repeal and replace!!! #obamacareinthreewords. thank you sanford florida. get out & vote #trumppence16! #icymi- watch this afternoons rally here:. thank you tallahassee florida! a beautiful evening with the movement! get out & vote!#icymi- watch here:. repeal and replace obamacare! join me in ohio tomorrow!springfield-1pm:. hillary said she was under sniper fire while surrounded by usss. turned out to be a total lie. she is not fit to. thank you charlotte north carolina. great afternoon! #icymi - i delivered a speech on urban renewal. full speech:. beautiful evening in kinston north carolina - thank you! get out and vote!! you can watch tonight s rally here:. obamacare is a disaster. we must repeal & replace. tired of the lies and want to #draintheswamp? get out & vote. a lot of call-ins about vote flipping at the voting booths in texas. people are not happy. big lines. what is going on? wikileaks drip-drop releases prove one thing: there s no nov. 8 deadline on clinton s dishonesty and scandals. ron fournier: clinton used secret server to protect #circleofenrichment. clinton foundations fundraisers pressed donors to steer business to former president. i agree @mmflint- to all americans i see you & i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp w me on 11 8. join me! #magatoday:springfield oh toledo oh geneva oh friday:manchester nh lisbon me cedar rapids ia. inside bill clinton inc.: hacked memo reveals intersection of charity and personal income. #draintheswamp! join me live in springfield ohio! thank you springfield ohio. get out and #votetrumppence16!#icymi - watch here:. #icymi: i agree- to all americans i see you & i hear you. i am your voice. vote to #draintheswamp with me on 11 8. join me in cedar rapids iowa tomorrow at 7:00pm! #maga. join me live in toledo ohio. time to #draintheswamp & #maga! i delivered a speech in charlotte north carolina yesterday. i appreciate all of the feedback & support. lets #maga. i will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! @keithrowland: people in arizona just got a taste of obamacare with a 116 increase in premiums. @realdonaldtrump repeal and replace! crooked hillary launched her political career by letting terrorists off the hook. #draintheswamp. join @teamtrump on facebook & watch tonight s rally from geneva ohio- our 3rd rally of the day. #americafirst #maga. thank you geneva ohio. if i am elected president i am going to keep radical islamic terrorists out of our countr. @jmoschetti1363: @johnatsrs1949 fbi must be outraged that their hands r tied she has no regard or t secret service fbi or dallas police. join me tonight in cedar rapids iowa at 7pm: arizona tomorrow night at 3pm:. if my people said the things about me that podesta & hillary s people said about her i would fire them out of self respect. bad instincts. heading to new hampshire. will be talking about the disaster known as obamacare! just out: neera tanden hillary clinton adviser said israel is depressing. i think israel is inspiring! we must not let #crookedhillary take her criminal scheme into the oval office. #draintheswamp. just landed in iowa - speaking soon! @piersmorgan: bombshell: fbi reopening its investigation into hillaryclinton s email server after new discovery! thank you maine new hampshire and iowa. the waiting is over! the time for change is now! we are going to. join me in colorado at 12pm tomorrow - or arizona at 3pm!tickets:golden:. i am in colorado - big day planned - but nothing can be as big as yesterday! @deplorablecbtp: in my mind #donaldtrump is the only way out of this mess. - #philrobertson of tv s #duckdynasty thank you phil! tomorrow!las vegas nv- 11a: co- 4p: nm- 7p:. #obamacarefail. departing golden co. for arizona now - after an unbelievable rally. watch here:. so nice - great americans outside trump tower right now. thank you! thank you phoenix arizona! time for new powerful leadership. just imagine what we can accomplish in our first 100. great day in colorado & arizona. will be in nevada colorado and new mexico tomorrow - join me!tickets:. we are now leading in many polls and many of these were taken before the criminal investigation announcement on friday - great in states! hillary and the dems loved and praised fbi director comey just a few days ago. original evidence was overwhelming should not have delayed! wow twitter google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton. very dishonest media! see you tomorrow michigan!grand rapids mi tomorrow at noon: mi tomorrow at 3pm:. thank you las vegas nevada- i love you! departing for greeley colorado now. get out & vote! #icymi- watch here:. thank you greeley co! real change means restoring honesty to the govt. our plan will end govt. corruption! watch:. @slh: i follow mr.trump at all of his rallies by watching them on he is a lion-hearted warrior who inspires hope. beautiful rally in albuquerque new mexico this evening - thank you. get out & vote! #draintheswampwatch rally:. join me tomorrow in michigan!grand rapids at 12pm: at 3pm:. hillary s two official favors to morocco resulted in 28 million for clinton foundation #draintheswamp. legendary basketball coach bobby knight who has 900 wins many championships and a gold medal will be introducing. 25 million raised online in just one week! record week. #draintheswamp today we set a bigger record. contribute. thank you grand rapids michigan! #icymi- watch:. #obamacarefail #hillarycarefail. wow! i hear you warren michigan. streaming live - join us america. it is time to drain the swamp!watch:. look at the way crooked hillary is handling the e-mail case and the total mess she is in. she is unfit to be president. bad judgement! wow now leading in @abc @washingtonpost poll 46 to 45. gone up 12 points in two weeks mostly before the crooked hillary blow-up! crooked hillary should not be allowed to run for president. she deleted 33000 e-mails after getting a subpoena from u.s. congress. rigged! join me tomorrow in florida!miami12pm. so terrible that crooked didn t report she got the debate questions from donna brazile if that were me it would have been front page news! #icymi: governor @mike pence and i were in valley forge pennsylvania today. you can watch it here:. .@darrellissa is a very good man. help him win his congressional seat in california. kept me out of jail : top doj official involved in clinton probe represented her campaign chairman:. trump promises special session to repeal obamacare:. hillary advisers wanted her to avoid supporting israel when talking to democrats:. mika brzezinski: dem criticism of comey reinforcing idea theres something there. podesta urged clinton team to hand over emails after use of private server emerged. wikileaks emails reveal podesta urging clinton camp to dump emails. time to #draintheswamp! thank you for your incredible support wisconsin and governor @scottwalker! it is time to #draintheswamp & #maga! join me in florida tomorrow!miami12pm. you can change your vote in six states. so now that you see that hillary was a big mistake change your vote to make america great again! i am going to repeal and replace obamacare. we will have much less expensive and much better healthcare. with hillary costs will triple! crooked hillary clinton deleted 33000 e-mails after they were subpoenaed by the united states congress. guilty - cannot run. rigged system! @ravenrantz: #billygraham s grand daughter #supportstrump so nice thank you cissy graham lynch!!!! @pynance: evangelical women live at #trumptower @pdpryor1 @cissieglynch @saysgabrielle. praying for the families of the two iowa police who were ambushed this morning. an attack on those who keep us safe is an attack on us all. thank you miami! in 6 days we are going to win the great state of florida - and we are going to win back the white. it pays to have friends in high places- like the justice department. clearly the clintons do. #draintheswamp! clinton camp fumed when surrogate told supporters clinton planned to betray labor on tpp post-election:. after decades of lies and scandal crooked hillary s corruption is closing in. #draintheswamp! thank you orlando florida! we are just six days away from delivering justice for every forgotten man woman and ch. #makeamericagreatagain #6days. thank you arlene! we will make america safe and great again! #imwithyou #draintheswamp. my wife melania will be speaking in pennsylvania this afternoon. so exciting big crowds! i will be watching from north carolina. obamacare is a total disaster. hillary clinton wants to save it by making it even more expensive. doesn t work i will repeal and replace! looking at air force one @ mia. why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing obamacare? get back to work for the american people! watching my beautiful wife melania speak about our love of country and family. we will make you all very proud. thank you concord north carolina! when we win on november 8th we are going to washington d.c. and we are going t. #crookedhillary is unfit to serve. join me in wilmington ohio tomorrow at 4:00pm! it is time to #draintheswamp! tickets:. there is no challenge too great no dream outside of our reach! thank you selma north carolina!#icymi watch here. join me today in wilmington ohio at 4pm: tampa florida at 10am:. the clinton campaign at obama justice #draintheswamp. clinton aides: definitely not releasing some hrc emails:. thank you nh! we will end illegal immigration stop the drugs deport all criminal aliens&save american lives! watc. ice officers warn hillary immigration plan will unleash gangs cartels & drug violence nationwide. if obama worked as hard on straightening out our country as he has trying to protect and elect hillary we would all be much better off! join me live in wilmington ohio! thank you ohio! vote so we can replace obamacare and save healthcare for every family in the united states! watch:. the only thing that can stop this corrupt machine is you. the only force strong enough to save our country is us. join me live in hershey pennsylvania! #makeamericagreatagain live:. join me in denver colorado tomorrow at 9:30pm!tickets:. thank you hershey pennsylvania. get out & vote on november 8th & we will #maga! #rallyforriley #icymi watch here. make america great again! join me in denver colorado tonight at 9:30pm: scranton pennsylvania monday @ 5:30pm:. thank you for the incredible support this morning tampa florida! #icymi- watch here:. thank you wilmington north carolina. we are 3 days away from the change you ve been waiting for your entire life! watch coach mike ditka- a great guy and supporter tonight at 8pme on #wattersworld with @jessebwatters @foxnews. must act immediately: clinton charity lawyer told execs they were breaking the law. top clinton aides bemoan campaign all tactics no vision:. #draintheswamp! join me tomorrow!minnesota 2pm 6pm 9:30p. join me live in reno nevada! thank you reno nevada. nothing will stop us in our quest to make america safe and great again! #americafirst. great night in denver colorado- thank you! together we will make america great again! #icymi watch rally here:. van jones: there is a crack in the blue wall it has to do with trade:. thank you iowa - get out & #votetrumppence16! monday - 11 7 2016scranton pennsylvania at 5:30pm. rapids michigan at 11pm. thank you minnesota! it is time to #draintheswamp & #maga! #icymi- watch:. our american comeback story begins 11 8 16. together we will make america safe & great again for everyone! watch:. thank you michigan! this is a movement that will never be seen again- it s our last chance to #draintheswamp! watch. thank you pennsylvania- i am forever grateful for your amazing support. lets make america great again! #maga. thank you for you support virginia! in one day - get out and #votetrumppence16! #icymi:. starting tomorrow it s going to be #americafirst! thank you for a great morning sarasota florida!watch here:. just landed in north carolina- heading to the j.s. dorton arena. see you all soon! lets #makeamericagreatagain! on my way! i love you north carolina- thank you for your amazing support! get out and tomorrow!watch:. why trump. what i like about trump ... and why you need to vote for him. america must decide between failed policies or fresh perspective a corrupt system or an outsider. hey missouri let s defeat crooked hillary & @koster4missouri! koster supports obamacare & amnesty! vote outsider navy seal @ericgreitens! live on #periscope: join me for a few minutes in pennsylvania. get out & vote tomorrow. lets #maga!! thank you pennsylvania! going to new hampshire now and on to michigan. watch pa rally here:. today in florida i pledged to stand with the people of cuba and venezuela in their fight against oppression- cont:. big news to share in new hampshire tonight! polls looking great! see you soon. unbelievable evening in new hampshire - thank you! flying to grand rapids michigan now. watch nh rally here:. today we are going to win the great state of michigan and we are going to win back the white house! thank you mi! today we make america great again! vote today! go to to find your polling location. we are going to make america great again! we need your vote. go to the polls! let s continue this movement! find your poll location:. #electionday. i will be watching the election results from trump tower in manhattan with my family and friends. very exciting! just out according to @cnn: utah officials report voting machine problems across entire country. don t let up keep getting out to vote - this election is far from over! we are doing well but there is much time left. go florida! still time to #votetrump! #ivoted #electionnight. watching the returns at 9:45pm. #electionnight #maga. such a beautiful and important evening! the forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. we will all come together as never before. happy 241st birthday to the u.s. marine corps! thank you for your service!! a fantastic day in d.c. met with president obama for first time. really good meeting great chemistry. melania liked mrs. o a lot! just had a very open and successful presidential election. now professional protesters incited by the media are protesting. very unfair! love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. we will all come together and be proud! busy day planned in new york. will soon be making some very important decisions on the people who will be running our government! today we express our deepest gratitude to all those who have served in our armed forces. #thankavet. this will prove to be a great time in the lives of all americans. we will unite and we will win win win! wow the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the trump phenomena. the @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me. i wonder if it will change - doubt it? mitt romney called to congratulate me on the win. very nice! jeb bush george w and george h.w. all called to express their best wishes on the win. very nice! governor john kasich of the great great great state of ohio called to congratulate me on the win. the people of ohio were incredible! the @nytimes states today that djt believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. how dishonest are they. i never said this! i will be interviewed on @60minutes tonight after the nfl game - 7:00 p.m. enjoy! the debates especially the second and third plus speeches and intensity of the large rallies plus our great supporters gave us the win! if the election were based on total popular vote i would have campaigned in n.y. florida and california and won even bigger and more easily. the electoral college is actually genius in that it brings all states including the smaller ones into play. campaigning is much different! very organized process taking place as i decide on cabinet and many other positions. i am the only one who knows who the finalists are! i am not trying to get top level security clearance for my children. this was a typically false news story. the failing @nytimes story is so totally wrong on transition. it is going so smoothly. also i have spoken to many foreign leaders. i have recieved and taken calls from many foreign leaders despite what the failing @nytimes said. russia u.k. china saudi arabia japan. australia new zealand and more. i am always available to them. @nytimes is just upset that they looked like fools in their coverage of me. my transition team which is working long hours and doing a fantastic job will be seeing many great candidates today. #maga. just got a call from my friend bill ford chairman of ford who advised me that he will be keeping the lincoln plant in kentucky - no mexico. i worked hard with bill ford to keep the lincoln plant in kentucky. i owed it to the great state of kentucky for their confidence in me! will be working all weekend in choosing the great men and women who will be helping to make america great again! i settled the trump university lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as president i have to focus on our country. the only bad thing about winning the presidency is that i did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on trump u. too bad! our wonderful future v.p. mike pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of hamilton cameras blazing.this should not happen! the theater must always be a safe and special place.the cast of hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man mike pence. apologize! the cast and producers of hamilton which i hear is highly overrated should immediately apologize to mike pence for their terrible behavior. numerous patriots will be coming to bedminster today as i continue to fill out the various positions necessary to make america great again! i watched parts of @nbcsnl saturday night live last night. it is a totally one-sided biased show - nothing funny at all. equal time for us? general james mad dog mattis who is being considered for secretary of defense was very impressive yesterday. a true general s general! i have always had a good relationship with chuck schumer. he is far smarter than harry r and has the ability to get things done. good news! .@transition2017 update and policy plans for the first 100 days. prior to the election it was well known that i have interests in properties all over the world.only the crooked media makes this a big deal! many people would like to see @nigel farage represent great britain as their ambassador to the united states. he would do a great job! i cancelled today s meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. not nice. perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. in the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone! the failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. i can fully understand that - but why announce? great meetings will take place today at trump tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. president-elect donald j. trump s cia director garners praise. jeff sessions a fitting selection for attorney general. the meeting with the @nytimes is back on at 12:30 today. look forward to it! i am seriously considering dr. ben carson as the head of hud. i ve gotten to know him well--he s a greatly talented person who loves people! bus crash in tennessee so sad & so terrible. condolences to all family members and loved ones. these beautiful children will be remembered! let us give thanks for all that we have and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. happy th. happy thanksgiving to everyone. we will together make america great again! i am working hard even on thanksgiving trying to get carrier a.c. company to stay in the u.s. indiana . making progress - will know soon! fidel castro is dead! the green party scam to fill up their coffers by asking for impossible recounts is now being joined by the badly defeated & demoralized dems. the democrats when they incorrectly thought they were going to win asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. not so anymore! hillary clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. nothing will change. hillary s debate answer on delay: that is horrifying. that is not the way our democracy works. been around for 240 years. we ve had free --. and fair elections. we ve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a -. during a general election. i for one am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind --. of position. then separately she stated he said something truly horrifying ... he refused to say that he would respect the results of --. this election. that is a direct threat to our democracy. she then said we have to accept the results and look to the future donald --. trump is going to be our president. we owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. so much time and money will be spent - same result! sad. in addition to winning the electoral college in a landslide i won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally. it would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the electoral college in that i would only campaign in 3 or 4--. states instead of the 15 states that i visited. i would have won even more easily and convincingly but smaller states are forgotten ! serious voter fraud in virginia new hampshire and california - so why isn t the media reporting on this? serious bias - big problem! if cuba is unwilling to make a better deal for the cuban people the cuban american people and the u.s. as a whole i will terminate deal. just met with general petraeus--was very impressed! @highonhillcrest: @jeffzeleny what proof do u have donaldtrump did not suffer from millions of fraud votes? journalist? do your job! @cnn. @joebowman12: @jeffzeleny just another generic cnn part time wannabe journalist ! @cnn still doesn t get it. they will never learn! @fiiibuster: @jeffzeleny pathetic - you have no sufficient evidence that donald trump did not suffer from voter fraud shame! bad reporter. @sdcritic: @highonhillcrest @jeffzeleny @cnn there is no question that #voterfraud did take place and in favor of #corrupthillary ! .@cnn is so embarrassed by their total 100 support of hillary clinton and yet her loss in a landslide that they don t know what to do. the great state of michigan was just certified as a trump win giving all of our make america great again supporters another victory - 306! i thought that @cnn would get better after they failed so badly in their support of hillary clinton however since election they are worse! nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do there must be consequences - perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail! my thoughts and prayers are with the great people of tennessee during these terrible wildfires. stay safe! president-elect donald j. trump intends to nominate congressman tom price and seema verma. president-elect donald j. trump nominates elaine chao as secretary of the department of transportation. i will be going to indiana on thursday to make a major announcement concerning carrier a.c. staying in indianapolis. great deal for workers! big day on thursday for indiana and the great workers of that wonderful state.we will keep our companies and jobs in the u.s. thanks carrier. isis is taking credit for the terrible stabbing attack at ohio state university by a somali refugee who should not have been in our country. i will be holding a major news conference in new york city with my children on december 15 to discuss the fact that i will be leaving my ... great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to make america great again! while i am not mandated to .... do this under the law i feel it is visually important as president to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses.. hence legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. the presidency is a far more important task! join me in cincinnati ohio tomorrow evening at 7:00pm. i am grateful for all of your support. thank you!tickets:. president-elect donald j. trump today announced his intent to nominate steven mnuchin wilbur ross & todd ricketts. donald trump is already helping the working class. look forward to going to indiana tomorrow in order to be with the great workers of carrier. they will sell many air conditioners! my thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the tragic storms and tornadoes in the southeastern united states. stay safe! getting ready to leave for the great state of indiana and meet the hard working and wonderful people of carrier a.c. heading to u.s. bank arena in cincinnati ohio for a 7pm rally. join me! tickets:. thank you ohio! together we made history and now the real work begins. america will start winning again! the president of taiwan called me today to wish me congratulations on winning the presidency. thank you! interesting how the u.s. sells taiwan billions of dollars of military equipment but i should not accept a congratulatory call. rexnord of indiana is moving to mexico and rather viciously firing all of its 300 workers. this is happening all over our country. no more! @tigerwoods: cant wait to get back out there and mix it up with the boys. tw #heroworldchallenge great to have you back tiger - special! state treasurer john kennedy is my choice for us senator from louisiana. early voting today election next saturday. our great vpe @mike pence is in louisiana campaigning for john kennedy for us senate. john will be a tremendous help to us in washington. just tried watching saturday night live - unwatchable! totally biased not funny and the baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. sad. the u.s. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses but any business that leaves our country for another country. fires its employees builds a new factory or plant in the other country and then thinks it will sell its product back into the u.s. ...... without retribution or consequence is wrong! there will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35 for these companies ...... wanting to sell their product cars a.c. units etc. back across the border. this tax will make leaving financially difficult but..... these companies are able to move between all 50 states with no tax or tariff being charged. please be forewarned prior to making a very ... expensive mistake! the united states is open for business. the green party just dropped its recount suit in pennsylvania and is losing votes in wisconsin recount. just a stein scam to raise money! .@foxnews will be re-running objectified: donald trump the ratings hit produced by the great harvey levin of tmz at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! did china ask us if it was ok to devalue their currency making it hard for our companies to compete heavily tax our products going into.. their country the u.s. doesn t tax them or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the south china sea? i don t think so! i am thrilled to nominate dr. @realbencarson as our next secretary of the us dept. of housing and urban development. if the press would cover me accurately & honorably i would have far less reason to tweet. sadly i don t know if that will ever happen! #thankyoutour2016 12 6- north carolina iowa michiga. boeing is building a brand new 747 air force one for future presidents but costs are out of control more than 4 billion. cancel order! join me tonight in fayetteville north carolina at 7pm! #thankyoutour2016 tickets:. masa softbank of japan has agreed to invest 50 billion in the u.s. toward businesses and 50000 new jobs.... masa said he would never do this had we trump not won the election! departing new york with general james mad dog mattis for tonight s rally in fayetteville north carolina! see you. a great night in fayetteville north carolina. thank you! #icymi watch here:. i will be interviewed on the @todayshow at 7:30. enjoy! we pause today to remember the 2403 american heroes who selflessly gave their lives at pearl harbor 75 years ago... join me tomorrow in des moines iowa with vice president-elect @mike pence - at 7:00pm!#thankyoutour2016 #maga. chuck jones who is president of united steelworkers 1999 has done a terrible job representing workers. no wonder companies flee country! if united steelworkers 1999 was any good they would have kept those jobs in indiana. spend more time working-less time talking. reduce dues. today we lost a great pioneer of air and space in john glenn. he was a hero and inspired generations of future explorers. he will be missed. on my way to des moines iowa- will see you soon with @mike pence. join us! tickets: #thankyoutour2016. join me tomorrow! #maga 10am- baton rouge la. tickets: grand rapids mi.tickets:. thank you iowa!#thankyoutour2016. join me live in louisiana! tomorrow we need you to go to the polls & send john kennedy to the u.s. senate. thank you louisiana! get out & vote for john kennedy tomorrow. electing kennedy will help enact our agenda on behal. thank you michigan. we are going to bring back your jobs & together we will make america great again!watch:. .@rudygiuliani one of the finest people i know and a former great mayor of n.y.c. just took himself out of consideration for state . i have nothing to do with the apprentice except for fact that i conceived it with mark b & have a big stake in it. will devote zero time! as a show of support for our armed forces i will be going to the army-navy game today. looking forward to it should be fun! reports by @cnn that i will be working on the apprentice during my presidency even part time are ridiculous & untrue - fake news! a very interesting read. unfortunately so much is true. october 2015 - thanks chris wallace @foxnewssunday! i will be interviewed today on fox news sunday with chris wallace at 10:00 eastern network. enjoy! being at the army - navy game was fantastic. there is nothing like the spirit in that stadium. a wonderful experience and congrats to army! i spent friday campaigning with john kennedy of the great state of louisiana for the u.s.senate. the election is over - john won! whether i choose him or not for state - rex tillerson the chairman & ceo of exxonmobil is a world class player and dealmaker. stay tuned! will be interviewed on @foxnews at 10:00 p.m. enjoy! just watched @nbcnightlynews - so biased inaccurate and bad point after point. just can t get much worse although @cnn is right up there! can you imagine if the election results were the opposite and we tried to play the russia cia card. it would be called conspiracy theory! unless you catch hackers in the act it is very hard to determine who was doing the hacking. why wasn t this brought up before election? the f-35 program and cost is out of control. billions of dollars can and will be saved on military and other purchases after january 20th. #thankyoutour2016 tue: west allis wi. thur: hershey pa. fri: orlando fl. sat: mobile al. tickets:. the final wisconsin vote is in and guess what - we just picked up an additional 131 votes. the dems and green party can now rest. scam! i will be making my announcement on the next secretary of state tomorrow morning. even though i am not mandated by law to do so i will be leaving my busineses before january 20th so that i can focus full time on the...... presidency. two of my children don and eric plus executives will manage them. no new deals will be done during my term s in office. i will hold a press conference in the near future to discuss the business cabinet picks and all other topics of interest. busy times! i have chosen one of the truly great business leaders of the world rex tillerson chairman and ceo of exxonmobil to be secretary of state. wisconsin and pennsylvania have just certified my wins in those states. i actually picked up additional votes! the thing i like best about rex tillerson is that he has vast experience at dealing successfully with all types of foreign governments. join me this saturday at laddpeebles stadium in mobile alabama! #thankyoutour2016 tickets:. thank you wisconsin! my administration will be focused on three very important words: jobs jobs jobs! watch:. .@billgates and @jimbrownnfl32 in my trump tower office yesterday- two great guys! has anyone looked at the really poor numbers of @vanityfair magazine. way down big trouble dead! graydon carter no talent will be out! thank you to time magazine and financial times for naming me person of the year - a great honor! the media tries so hard to make my move to the white house as it pertains to my business so complex - when actually it isn t! if russia or some other entity was hacking why did the white house wait so long to act? why did they only complain after hillary lost? join me in mobile alabama on sat. at 3pm! #thankyoutour2016 tickets:. thank you pennsylvania! together we are going to make america great again! watch here:. are we talking about the same cyberattack where it was revealed that head of the dnc illegally gave hillary the questions to the debate? well we all did it together! i hope the movement fans will go to d.c. on jan 20th for the swearing in. let s set the all time record! #thankyoutour2016 tonight- orlando florida tickets: mobile alabamatickets:. thank you florida. my administration will follow two simple rules: buy american and hire american! #icymi- watch:. last night in orlando florida was incredible - massive crowd - thank you florida! today at 3:00 p.m. i will be in alabama for last rally! @eazymf e: @realdonaldtrump many people are now saying you will be an extremely successful president! #makeamericagreatagain thank you! mobile alabama today at 3:00 p.m. last rally of the year - thank you alabama and the south biggest of all crowds expected see you there! china steals united states navy research drone in international waters - rips it out of water and takes it to china in unprecedented act. thank you alabama! from now on its going to be #americafirst. our goal is to bring back that wonderful phrase:. we should tell china that we don t want the drone they stole back.- let them keep it! if my many supporters acted and threatened people like those who lost the election are doing they would be scorned & called terrible names! today there were terror attacks in turkey switzerland and germany - and it is only getting worse. the civilized world must change thinking! we did it! thank you to all of my great supporters we just officially won the election despite all of the distorted and inaccurate media . @franklin graham: congratulations to president-elect @realdonaldtrump--the electoral votes are in and it s official. thank you franklin! @mike pence: congratulations to @realdonaldtrump officially elected president of the united states today by the electoral college! bill clinton stated that i called him after the election. wrong he called me with a very nice congratulations . he doesn t know much ... especially how to get people even with an unlimited budget out to vote in the vital swing states and more . they focused on wrong states. yes it is true - carlos slim the great businessman from mexico called me about getting together for a meeting. we met he is a great guy! campaigning to win the electoral college is much more difficult & sophisticated than the popular vote. hillary focused on the wrong states! i would have done even better in the election if that is possible if the winner was based on popular vote - but would campaign differently. i have not heard any of the pundits or commentators discussing the fact that i spent far less money on the win than hillary on the loss! i met some really great air force generals and navy admirals today talking about airplane capability and pricing. very impressive people! the resolution being considered at the united nations security council regarding israel should be vetoed....cont:. someone incorrectly stated that the phrase drain the swamp was no longer being used by me. actually we will always be trying to dts. the united states must greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. based on the tremendous cost and cost overruns of the lockheed martin f-35 i have asked boeing to price-out a comparable f-18 super hornet! the so-called a list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration but look what they did for hillary nothing. i want the people! my wonderful son eric will no longer be allowed to raise money for children with cancer because of a possible conflict of interest with... my presidency. isn t this a ridiculous shame? he loves these kids has raised millions of dollars for them and now must stop. wrong answer! as to the u.n. things will be different after jan. 20th. the terrorist who killed so many people in germany said just before crime by god s will we will slaughter you pigs i swear we will...... slaughter you. this is a purely religious threat which turned into reality. such hatred! when will the u.s. and all countries fight back? vladimir putin said today about hillary and dems: in my opinion it is humiliating. one must be able to lose with dignity. so true! .@nbcnews purposely left out this part of my nuclear qoute: until such time as the world comes to its senses regarding nukes. dishonest! the big loss yesterday for israel in the united nations will make it much harder to negotiate peace.too bad but we will get it done anyway! happy #hanukkah. .@foxnews - objectified tonight at 10:00 p.m. enjoy! #merrychristmas. merry christmas and a very very very very happy new year to everyone! president obama said that he thinks he would have won against me. he should say that but i say no way! - jobs leaving isis ocare etc. the united nations has such great potential but right now it is just a club for people to get together talk and have a good time. so sad! the world was gloomy before i won - there was no hope. now the market is up nearly 10 and christmas spending is over a trillion dollars! i gave millions of dollars to djt foundation raised or recieved millions more all of which is given to charity and media won t report! the djt foundation unlike most foundations never paid fees rent salaries or any expenses. 100 of money goes to wonderful charities! president obama campaigned hard and personally in the very important swing states and lost.the voters wanted to make america great again! the u.s. consumer confidence index for december surged nearly four points to 113.7 the highest level in more than 15 years! thanks donald! doing my best to disregard the many inflammatory president o statements and roadblocks.thought it was going to be a smooth transition - not! we cannot continue to let israel be treated with such total disdain and disrespect. they used to have a great friend in the u.s. but....... not anymore. the beginning of the end was the horrible iran deal and now this u.n. ! stay strong israel january 20th is fast approaching! economists say trump delivered hope. my administration will follow two simple rules:. great move on delay by v. putin - i always knew he was very smart! join @american32 founded by hall of fame legend @jimbrownnfl32 on 1 19 2017 in washington d.c. russians are playing @cnn and @nbcnews for such fools - funny to watch they don t have a clue! @foxnews totally gets it! happy new year to all including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don t know what to do. love! happy birthday @donaldjtrumpjr! to all americans-#happynewyear & many blessings to you all! looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we. well the new year begins. we will together make america great again! chicago murder rate is record setting - 4331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. if mayor can t do it he must ask for federal help! @cnn just released a book called unprecedented which explores the 2016 race & victory. hope it does well but used worst cover photo of me! various media outlets and pundits say that i thought i was going to lose the election. wrong it all came together in the last week and..... i thought and felt i would win big easily over the fabled 270 306 . when they cancelled fireworks they knew and so did i. north korea just stated that it is in the final stages of developing a nuclear weapon capable of reaching parts of the u.s. it won t happen! china has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the u.s. in totally one-sided trade but won t help with north korea. nice! general motors is sending mexican made model of chevy cruze to u.s. car dealers-tax free across border. make in u.s.a.or pay big border tax! people must remember that obamacare just doesn t work and it is not affordable - 116 increases arizona . bill clinton called it crazy. the democrat governor.of minnesota said the affordable care act obamacare is no longer affordable! - and it is lousy healthcare. with all that congress has to work on do they really have to make the weakening of the independent ethics watchdog as unfair as it. ........may be their number one act and priority. focus on tax reform healthcare and so many other things of far greater importance! #dts. @danscavino: ford to scrap mexico plant invest in michigan due to trump policies. instead of driving jobs and wealth away america will become the world s great magnet for innovation & job creation. there should be no further releases from gitmo. these are extremely dangerous people and should not be allowed back onto the battlefield. trump is already delivering the jobs he promised america. i will be having a general news conference on january eleventh in n.y.c. thank you. the intelligence briefing on so-called russian hacking was delayed until friday perhaps more time needed to build a case. very strange! julian assange said a 14 year old could have hacked podesta - why was dnc so careless? also said russians did not give him the info! @foxnews: julian assange on u.s. media coverage: its very dishonest. #hannity more dishonest than anyone knows. thank you to ford for scrapping a new plant in mexico and creating 700 new jobs in the u.s. this is just the beginning - much more to follow. somebody hacked the dnc but why did they not have hacking defense like the rnc has and why have they not responded to the terrible...... things they did and said like giving the questions to the debate to h . a total double standard! media as usual gave them a pass. republicans must be careful in that the dems own the failed obamacare disaster with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... like the 116 hike in arizona. also deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. don t let the schumer clowns out of this web... massive increases of obamacare will take place this year and dems are to blame for the mess. it will fall of its own weight - be careful! jackie evancho s album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance.some people just don t understand the movement. the democrats lead by head clown chuck schumer know how bad obamacare is and what a mess they are in. instead of working to fix it they.. ...do the typical political thing and blame. the fact is obamacare was a lie from the beginning. keep you doctor keep your plan! it is.... ...time for republicans & democrats to get together and come up with a healthcare plan that really works - much less expensive & far better! the dishonest media likes saying that i am in agreement with julian assange - wrong. i simply state what he states it is for the people.... to make up their own minds as to the truth. the media lies to make it look like i am against intelligence when in fact i am a big fan! toyota motor said will build a new plant in baja mexico to build corolla cars for u.s. no way! build plant in u.s. or pay big border tax. how did nbc get an exclusive look into the top secret report he obama was presented? who gave them this report and why? politics! the democratic national committee would not allow the fbi to study or see its computer info after it was supposedly hacked by russia...... so how and why are they so sure about hacking if they never even requested an examination of the computer servers? what is going on? the dishonest media does not report that any money spent on building the great wall for sake of speed will be paid back by mexico later! hillary and the dems were never going to beat the passion of my voters. they saw what was happening in the last two weeks before the...... and knew they were in big trouble - which is why they cancelled their big fireworks at the last minute.they saw a movement like never before. hopefully all supporters and those who want to make america great again will go to d.c. on january 20th. it will be a great show! wow the ratings are in and arnold schwarzenegger got swamped or destroyed by comparison to the ratings machine djt. so much for.... being a movie star-and that was season 1 compared to season 14. now compare him to my season 1. but who cares he supported kasich & hillary. anna wintour came to my office at trump tower to ask me to meet with the editors of conde nast & steven newhouse a friend. will go this am. i am asking the chairs of the house and senate committees to investigate top secret intelligence shared with nbc prior to me seeing it. monitoring the terrible situation in florida. just spoke to governor scott. thoughts and prayers for all. stay safe! happy birthday @erictrump! gross negligence by the democratic national committee allowed hacking to take place.the republican national committee had strong defense! intelligence stated very strongly there was absolutely no evidence that hacking affected the election results. voting machines not touched! only reason the hacking of the poorly defended dnc is discussed is that the loss by the dems was so big that they are totally embarrassed! having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing. only stupid people or fools would think that it is bad! we..... have enough problems around the world without yet another one. when i am president russia will respect us far more than they do now and.... both countries will perhaps work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the world! congratulation to jane timken on her major upset victory in becoming the ohio republican party chair. jane is a loyal trump supporter & star. i look very much forward to meeting prime minister theresa may in washington in the spring. britain a longtime u.s. ally is very special! @kellyannepolls: welcome to president and mrs. bush. very nice! @foxnews: we certainly dont want intelligence interfering with politics and we dont want politics interfe. kellyanne conway went to @meetthepress this morning for an interview with @chucktodd. dishonest media cut out 9 of her 10 minutes. terrible! before i or anyone saw the classified and or highly confidential hacking intelligence report it was leaked out to @nbcnews. so serious! dishonest media says mexico won t be paying for the wall if they pay a little later so the wall can be built more quickly. media is fake! rupert murdoch is a great guy who likes me much better as a very successful candidate than he ever did as a very successful developer! meryl streep one of the most over-rated actresses in hollywood doesn t know me but attacked last night at the golden globes. she is a..... hillary flunky who lost big. for the 100th time i never mocked a disabled reporter would never do that but simply showed him....... groveling when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. just more very dishonest media! it s finally happening - fiat chrysler just announced plans to invest 1billion in michigan and ohio plants adding 2000 jobs. this after... ford said last week that it will expand in michigan and u.s. instead of building a billion dollar plant in mexico. thank you ford & fiat c! an old picture with nancy and ronald reagan. thank you to all of the men and women who protect & serve our communities 24 7 365! #lawenforcementappreciationday. u.s. small-business optimism index surges by most since 1980. small business optimism soars after trump election. trump helps lift small business confidence to 12-yr. high. fake news - a total political witch hunt! buzzfeed runs unverifiable trump-russia claims #fakenews. russia just said the unverified report paid for by political opponents is a complete and total fabrication utter nonsense. very unfair! russia has never tried to use leverage over me. i have nothing to do with russia - no deals no loans no nothing! i win an election easily a great movement is verified and crooked opponents try to belittle our victory with fake news. a sorry state! intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to leak into the public. one last shot at me.are we living in nazi germany? we had a great news conference at trump tower today. a couple of fake news organizations were there but the people truly get what s going on. @zhu amy3: @realdonaldtrump it s morning in america again!!! thank you president-elect donald trump!!! so proud of you!!!! thanks! james clapper called me yesterday to denounce the false and fictitious report that was illegally circulated. made up phony facts.too bad! thank you to linda bean of l.l.bean for your great support and courage. people will support you even more now. buy l.l.bean. @lbperfectmaine. .@cnn is in a total meltdown with their fake news because their ratings are tanking since election and their credibility will soon be gone! congrats to the senate for taking the first step to #repealobamacare- now it s onto the house! all of my cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. i want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts not mine! it now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued.... totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives both democrats and republicans - fake news! russia says nothing exists. probably... released by intelligence even knowing there is no proof and never will be. my people will have a full report on hacking within 90 days! what are hillary clinton s people complaining about with respect to the f.b.i. based on the information they had she should never..... have been allowed to run - guilty as hell. they were very nice to her. she lost because she campaigned in the wrong states - no enthusiasm! the unaffordable care act will soon be history! a beautiful funeral today for a real nyc hero detective steven mcdonald. our law enforcement community has my complete and total support. congressman john lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district which is in horrible shape and falling apart not to...... mention crime infested rather than falsely complaining about the election results. all talk talk talk - no action or results. sad! intelligence insiders now claim the trump dossier is a complete fraud! @oann. congressman john lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the u.s. i can use all the help i can get! inauguration day is turning out to be even bigger than expected. january 20th washington d.c. have fun! the democrats are most angry that so many obama democrats voted for me. with all of the jobs i am bringing back to our nation that number.. will only get higher. car companies and others if they want to do business in our country have to start making things here again. win! for many years our country has been divided angry and untrusting. many say it will never change the hatred is too deep. it will change!!!! thank you to bob woodward who said that is a garbage document...it never should have been presented...trump s right to be upset angry ... about that...those intelligence chiefs made a mistake here & when people make mistakes they should apologize. media should also apologize. .@nbcnews is bad but saturday night live is the worst of nbc. not funny cast is terrible always a complete hit job. really bad television! .@foxnews outgoing cia chief john brennan blasts pres-elect trump on russia threat. does not fully understand. oh really couldn t do... much worse - just look at syria red line crimea ukraine and the build-up of russian nukes. not good! was this the leaker of fake news? celebrate martin luther king day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. honor him for being the great man that he was! @levisteveholt: @realdonaldtrump i appreciate your use of twitter to keep us informed and maintain transparency. very dishonest media! at 9:00 p.m. @cnn of all places is doing a special report on my daughter ivanka. considering it is cnn can t imagine it will be great! @drgoodspine: @realdonaldtrump @ivanka trump is great a woman with real character and class. people are pouring into washington in record numbers. bikers for trump are on their way. it will be a great thursday friday and saturday! the same people who did the phony election polls and were so wrong are now doing approval rating polls. they are rigged just like before. with all of the jobs i am bringing back into the u.s. even before taking office with all of the new auto plants coming back into our..... country and with the massive cost reductions i have negotiated on military purchases and more i believe the people are seeing big stuff. john lewis said about my inauguration it will be the first one that i ve missed. wrong or lie ! he boycotted bush 43 also because he... thought it would be hypocritical to attend bush s swearing-in....he doesn t believe bush is the true elected president. sound familiar! wp. how trump won--and how the media missed it. thank you to general motors and walmart for starting the big jobs push back into the u.s.! will be interviewed by @ainsleyearhardt on @foxandfriends - enjoy! totally biased @nbcnews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from ford g.m. lockheed & others that jobs are coming back... to the u.s. but had nothing to do with trump is more fake news. ask top ceo s of those companies for real facts. came back because of me! bayer ag has pledged to add u.s. jobs and investments after meeting with president-elect donald trump the latest in a string... @wsj. no wonder the today show on biased @nbc is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. little credibility! .@thealabamaband was great last night in d.c. playing for 147 diplomats and ambassadors from countries around the world. thanks alabama! writing my inaugural address at the winter white house mar-a-lago three weeks ago. looking forward to friday. looking forward to a speedy recovery for george and barbara bush both hospitalized. thank you for your wonderful letter! great seeing @theleegreenwood and kimberly at this evenings vp dinner! #godblesstheusa. thank you to our amazing wounded warriors for their service. it was an honor to be with them tonight in d.c. it wasn t donald trump that divided this country this country has been divided for a long time! stated today by reverend franklin graham. getting ready to leave for washington d.c. the journey begins and i will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for.. the american people. i have no doubt that we will together make america great again! on my way! #inauguration2017. great concert at 4:00 p.m. today at lincoln memorial. enjoy! join me at 4pm over at the lincoln memorial with my family!#inauguration2017. thank you for joining us at the lincoln memorial tonight- a very special evening! together we are going to make am. thank you for a wonderful evening in washington d.c. #inauguration. it all begins today! i will see you at 11:00 a.m. for the swearing-in. the movement continues - the work begins! today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another but we are transferring... power from washington d.c. and giving it back to you the american people. #inaugurationday. what truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people. january 20th 2017 will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. the forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. from this moment on its going to be #americafirst. we will bring back our jobs. we will bring back our borders. we will bring back our wealth - and we will bring back our dreams! we will follow two simple rules: buy american & hire american!#inaugurationday #maga. it is time to remember that... so to all americans in every city near and far small and large from mountain to mountain... to all americans. thank you for another wonderful evening in washington d.c. together we will make america great again. a fantastic day and evening in washington d.c.thank you to @foxnews and so many other news outlets for the great reviews of the speech! had a great meeting at cia headquarters yesterday packed house paid great respect to wall long standing ovations amazing people. win! watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! why didn t these people vote? celebs hurt cause badly. wow television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the inauguration 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago! peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. even if i don t always agree i recognize the rights of people to express their views. busy week planned with a heavy focus on jobs and national security. top executives coming in at 9:00 a.m. to talk manufacturing in america. will be meeting at 9:00 with top automobile executives concerning jobs in america. i want new plants to be built here for cars sold here! a photo delivered yesterday that will be displayed in the upper lower press hall. thank you abbas! great meeting with automobile industry leaders at the @whitehouse this morning. together we will #maga! signing orders to move forward with the construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines in the oval off. great meeting with ford ceo mark fields and general motors ceo mary barra at the @whitehouse today. congratulations to @foxnews for being number one in inauguration ratings. they were many times higher than fake news @cnn - public is smart! if chicago doesn t fix the horrible carnage going on 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings up 24 from 2016 i will send in the feds! big day planned on national security tomorrow. among many other things we will build the wall! i will be asking for a major investigation into voter fraud including those registered to vote in two states those who are illegal and.... even those registered to vote who are dead and many for a long time . depending on results we will strengthen up voting procedures! i will be making my supreme court pick on thursday of next week.thank you! i will be interviewed by @davidmuir tonight at 10 o clock on @abc. will be my first interview from the white house. beginning today the united states of america gets back control of its borders. full speech from today @dhsgov:. as your president i have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the american people. @romoabcnews: .@davidmuir first @potus interview since taking office. tonight on @abcworldnews @abc2020 tonight. interview with david muir of @abc news in 10 minutes. enjoy! ungrateful traitor chelsea manning who should never have been released from prison is now calling president obama a weak leader. terrible! the u.s. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with mexico. it has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of nafta with massive numbers... of jobs and companies lost. if mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting. spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia pa. this afternoon w @vp @senmajleader @speakerryan. th. spoke at the congressional @gop retreat in philadelphia pa. this afternoon w @vp @senatemajldr @speakerryan. th. will be interviewed by @seanhannity on @foxnews at 10:00pm tonight. enjoy! miami-dade mayor drops sanctuary policy. right decision. strong! look forward to seeing final results of votestand. gregg phillips and crew say at least 3000000 votes were illegal. we must do better! mexico has taken advantage of the u.s. for long enough. massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change now! the #marchforlife is so important. to all of you marching --- you have my full support! .@vp mike pence will be speaking at today s #marchforlife -- you have our full support! statement on international holocaust remembrance day:. congratulations secretary mattis! i promise that our administration will always have your back. we will always be with you! the failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. said i would lose the primaries then the general election. fake news! thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its..... ...dwindling subscribers and readers.they got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course and never will. dishonest. today we remember the crew of the space shuttle challenger 31 years later. #neverforget. i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at 11pm. enjoy! somebody with aptitude and conviction should buy the fake news and failing @nytimes and either run it correctly or let it fold with dignity! our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting now. look what is happening all over europe and indeed the world - a horrible mess! christians in the middle-east have been executed in large numbers. we cannot allow this horror to continue! the joint statement of former presidential candidates john mccain & lindsey graham is wrong - they are sadly weak on immigration. the two... ...senators should focus their energies on isis illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start world war iii. statement regarding recent executive order concerning extreme vetting:. i will be interviewed by @thebrodyfile on @cbnnews tonight at 11pm. enjoy! only 109 people out of 325000 were detained and held for questioning. big problems at airports were caused by delta computer outage..... protesters and the tears of senator schumer. secretary kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. make america safe again! there is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. this was a big part of my campaign. study the world! if the ban were announced with a one week notice the bad would rush into our country during that week. a lot of bad dudes out there! i have made my decision on who i will nominate for the united states supreme court. it will be announced live on tuesday at 8:00 p.m. w.h. where was all the outrage from democrats and the opposition party the media when our jobs were fleeing our country? the american dream is back. were going to create an environment for small business like we havent had in many ma. the democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. they have nothing going but to obstruct. now have an obama a.g. nancy pelosi and fake tears chuck schumer held a rally at the steps of the supreme court and mic did not work a mess -just like dem party! when will the democrats give us our attorney general and rest of cabinet! they should be ashamed of themselves! no wonder d.c. doesn t work! getting ready to deliver a very important decision! 8:00 p.m. join me live from the @whitehouse. hope you like my nomination of judge neil gorsuch for the united states supreme court. he is a good and brilliant man respected by all. everybody is arguing whether or not it is a ban. call it what you want it is about keeping bad people with bad intentions out of country! iran is rapidly taking over more and more of iraq even after the u.s. has squandered three trillion dollars there. obvious long ago! do you believe it? the obama administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from australia. why? i will study this dumb deal! if u.c. berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view - no federal funds? congratulations to rex tillerson on being sworn in as our new secretary of state. he will be a star! attending chief ryan owens dignified transfer yesterday with my daughter ivanka was my great honor. to a great and brave man - thank you! iran has been formally put on notice for firing a ballistic missile.should have been thankful for the terrible deal the u.s. made with them! iran was on its last legs and ready to collapse until the u.s. came along and gave it a life-line in the form of the iran deal: 150 billion. thank you @samsung! we would love to have you! yes arnold schwarzenegger did a really bad job as governor of california and even worse on the apprentice...but at least he tried hard! iran is playing with fire - they don t appreciate how kind president obama was to them. not me! thank you to prime minister of australia for telling the truth about our very civil conversation that fake news media lied about. very nice! meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. good jobs are coming back to u.s. health care and tax bills are being crafted now! professional anarchists thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to make america great again! a new radical islamic terrorist has just attacked in louvre museum in paris. tourists were locked down. france on edge again. get smart u.s. we must keep evil out of our country! countries charge u.s. companies taxes or tariffs while the u.s. charges them nothing or little.we should charge them same as they charge us! when a country is no longer able to say who can and who cannot come in & out especially for reasons of safety &.security - big trouble! interesting that certain middle-eastern countries agree with the ban. they know if certain people are allowed in it s death & destruction! the opinion of this so-called judge which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country is ridiculous and will be overturned! after being forced to apologize for its bad and inaccurate coverage of me after winning the election the fake news @nytimes is still lost! make america great again! what is our country coming to when a judge can halt a homeland security travel ban and anyone even with bad intentions can come into u.s.? because the ban was lifted by a judge many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. a terrible decision. why aren t the lawyers looking at and using the federal court decision in boston which is at conflict with ridiculous lift ban decision? interview with @oreillyfactor on fox network - 4:00 p.m. prior to super bowl . enjoy! the judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. bad people are very happy! just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. if something happens blame him and court system. people pouring in. bad! i have instructed homeland security to check people coming into our country very carefully. the courts are making the job very difficult! i will be interviewed by @oreillyfactor at 4:00 p.m. prior to the #superbowl pre-game show on fox network. enjoy! enjoy the #superbowl and then we continue: make america great again! what an amazing comeback and win by the patriots. tom brady bob kraft and coach b are total winners. wow! any negative polls are fake news just like the cnn abc nbc polls in the election. sorry people want border security and extreme vetting. i call my own shots largely based on an accumulation of data and everyone knows it. some fake news media in order to marginalize lies! will be interviewed on @oreillyfactor tonight at 8:00 p.m. the failing @nytimes writes total fiction concerning me. they have gotten it wrong for two years and now are making up stories & sources! an extended interview from the super bowl with @oreillyfactor airs tonight at 8:00 p.m. enjoy! the failing @nytimes was forced to apologize to its subscribers for the poor reporting it did on my election win. now they are worse! the threat from radical islamic terrorism is very real just look at what is happening in europe and the middle-east. courts must act fast! i don t know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran #1in terror no problem! i don t know putin have no deals in russia and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with iran #1 in terror no problem! an honor having the national sheriffs assoc. join me at the @whitehouse. incredible men & women who protect & serv. it is a disgrace that my full cabinet is still not in place the longest such delay in the history of our country. obstruction by democrats! if the u.s. does not win this case as it so obviously should we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. politics! i will be speaking at 9:00 a.m. today to police chiefs and sheriffs and will be discussing the horrible dangerous and wrong decision....... thank you to our great police chiefs & sheriffs for your leadership & service. you have a true friend in the. my daughter ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @nordstrom. she is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! terrible! 16 fake news stories reporters have run since trump won. big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas while our people are far more vulnerable as we wait for what should be easy d! thank you brian krzanich ceo of @intel. a great investment 7 billion in american innovation and jobs! immigration ban is one of trump s most popular orders so far. majority in leading eu nations support trump-style travel ban poll of more than 10000 people in 10 countries... trump administration seen as more truthful than news media. congratulations to our new attorney general @senatorsessions! sen.richard blumenthal who never fought in vietnam when he said for years he had major lie now misrepresents what judge gorsuch told him? chris cuomo in his interview with sen. blumenthal never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave service in vietnam. fake news! sen. mccain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. only emboldens the enemy! he s been losing so.... ...long he doesn t know how to win anymore just look at the mess our country is in - bogged down in conflict all over the place. our hero.. ..ryan died on a winning mission according to general mattis not a failure. time for the u.s. to get smart and start winning again! join us live in the oval office for the swearing in of our new attorney general @senatorsessions!live:. see you in court the security of our nation is at stake! lawfare: remarkably in the entire opinion the panel did not bother even to cite this the statute. a disgraceful decision! the failing @nytimes does major fake news china story saying mr.xi has not spoken to mr. trump since nov.14. we spoke at length yesterday! heading to joint base andrews on #marineone with prime minister shinz earlier today. our legal system is broken! 77 of refugees allowed into u.s. since travel reprieve hail from seven suspect countries. wt so dangerous! i am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought but i have not gotten involved in the..... ...design or negotiations yet. when i do just like with the f-35 fighterjet or the air force one program price will come way down! melania and i are hosting japanese prime minister shinzo abe and mrs. abe at mar-a-lago in palm beach fla. they are a wonderful couple! having a great time hosting prime minister shinzo abe in the united states! i am so proud of my daughter ivanka. to be abused and treated so badly by the media and to still hold her head so high is truly wonderful! playef golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig easy ernie els and had a great time. japan is very well represented! played golf today with prime minister abe of japan and @thebig easy ernie els and had a great time. japan is very well represented! a working dinner tonight with prime minister abe of japan and his representatives at the winter white house mar-a-lago . very good talks! #icymi: joint statement with prime minister shinzo abe on north korea. the crackdown on illegal criminals is merely the keeping of my campaign promise. gang members drug dealers & others are being removed! 72 of refugees admitted into u.s. 2 3 -2 11 during court breakdown are from 7 countries: syria iraq somalia iran sudan libya & yemen. while on fake news @cnn bernie sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. they said technical difficulties! after two days of very productive talks prime minister abe is heading back to japan. l. i know mark cuban well. he backed me big-time but i wasn t interested in taking all of his calls.he s not smart enough to run for president! congratulations stephen miller- on representing me this morning on the various sunday morning shows. great job! just leaving florida. big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the fake news media refuses to mention. very dishonest! today i will meet with canadian pm trudeau and a group of leading business women to discuss women in the workforce. welcome to the @whitehouse prime minister @justintrudeau! wonderful meeting with canadian pm @justintrudeau and a group of leading ceo s & business women from canadaand th. congratulations treasury secretary steven mnuchin! #icymi- watch here:. congratulations to our new #vasecretary dr. david shulkin. time to take care of veterans who have fought to protect. the real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of washington? will these leaks be happening as i deal on n.korea etc? great parent-teacher listening session this morning with @vp pence & @usedgov secretary @betsydevos. watch:. remarks by president trump at signing of h.j. resolution 41. obamacare continues to fail. humana to pull out in 2018. will repeal replace & save healthcare for all americans. the fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @msnbc & @cnn are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great! this russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton s losing campaign. information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community nsa and fbi? .just like russia. thank you to eli lake of the bloomberg view - the nsa & fbi...should not interfere in our politics...and is very serious situation for usa. crimea was taken by russia during the obama administration. was obama too soft on russia? the real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by intelligence like candy. very un-american! great listening session with ceo s of the retail industry leaders association this morning! welcome to the united states @israelipm benjamin & sara!#icymijoint press conference:. join me in florida this saturday at 5pm for a rally at the orlando-melbourne international airport!tickets:. aetna ceo: obamacare in death spiral #repealandreplace. venezuela should allow leopoldo lopez a political prisoner & husband of @liliantintori just met w @marcorubio o. stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades. great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout! leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in washington for years. failing @nytimes and others must apologize! the spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! they will be caught! fake news media which makes up stories and sources is far more effective than the discredited democrats - but they are fading fast! the democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly 306 so they made up a story - russia. fake news! trump signs bill undoing obama coal mining rule. despite the long delays by the democrats in finally approving dr. tom price the repeal and replacement of obamacare is moving fast! going to charleston south carolina in order to spend time with boeing and talk jobs! look forward to it. thank you for all of the nice statements on the press conference yesterday. rush limbaugh said one of greatest ever. fake media not happy! general keith kellogg who i have known for a long time is very much in play for nsa - as are three others. join me at 11:00am:watch here:. the fake news media failing @nytimes @cnn @nbcnews and many more is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people. sick! the fake news media failing @nytimes @nbcnews @abc @cbs @cnn is not my enemy it is the enemy of the american people! one of the most effective press conferences i ve ever seen! says rush limbaugh. many agree.yet fake media calls it differently! dishonest. looking forward to the florida rally tomorrow. big crowd expected! don t believe the main stream fake news media.the white house is running very well. i inherited a mess and am in the process of fixing it. will be having many meetings this weekend at the southern white house. big 5:00 p.m. speech in melbourne florida. a lot to talk about! getting ready to leave for melbourne florida. see you all soon! my statement as to what s happening in sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @foxnews concerning immigrants & sweden. give the public a break - the fake news media is trying to say that large scale immigration in sweden is working out just beautifully. not! happy presidents day - make america great again! meeting with generals at mar-a-lago in florida. very interesting! just named general h.r. mcmaster national security advisor. congratulations to our new national security advisor general h.r. mcmaster. video:. americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities. the so-called angry crowds in home districts of some republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists. sad! one thing i will say about rep. keith ellison in his fight to lead the dnc is that he was the one who predicted early that i would win! very much enjoyed my tour of the smithsonian s national museum of african american history and culture...a great job done by amazing people! s&p 500 edges higher after trump renews jobs pledge. seven people shot and killed yesterday in chicago. what is going on there - totally out of control. chicago needs help! big interview tonight by henry kravis at the business council of washington. looking forward to it! the fbi is totally unable to stop the national security leakers that have permeated our government for a long time. they can t even...... find the leakers within the fbi itself. classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on u.s. find now. going to cpac! trump vows to fight epidemic of human trafficking. fake news media knowingly doesn t tell the truth. a great danger to our country. the failing @nytimes has become a joke. likewise @cnn. sad! maybe the millions of people who voted to make america great again should have their own rally. it would be the biggest of them all! the media has not reported that the national debt in my first month went down by 12 billion vs a 200 billion increase in obama first mo. great optimism for future of u.s. business and jobs with the dow having an 11th straight record close. big tax & regulation cuts coming! weekly address from @whitehouse:. i will not be attending the white house correspondents association dinner this year. please wish everyone well and have a great evening! congratulations to thomas perez who has just been named chairman of the dnc. i could not be happier for him or for the republican party! the race for dnc chairman was of course totally rigged. bernie s guy like bernie himself never had a chance. clinton demanded perez! for first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad a bad one to help save its failing reputation. try reporting accurately & fairly! russia talk is fake news put out by the dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks! big dinner with governors tonight at white house. much to be discussed including healthcare. great meeting with ceos of leading u.s. health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the american peo. gop now viewed more favorably than dems in trump era per nbc wsj poll via @hotlinejosh:. i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 a.m. enjoy! join me live at 9:00 p.m. #jointaddress. #jointsession #maga. thank you! since november 8th election day the stock market has posted 3.2 trillion in gains and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high. jobs! jeff sessions is an honest man. he did not say anything wrong. he could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not.... ...intentional. this whole narrative is a way of saving face for democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed..... ...to win. the democrats are overplaying their hand. they lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality. the real story... ...is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information. it is a total witch hunt! nick adams new book green card warrior is a must read. the merit-based system is the way to go. canada australia! @foxandfriends. it is so pathetic that the dems have still not approved my full cabinet. weekly addressjoin me here:. we should start an immediate investigation into @senschumer and his ties to russia and putin. a total hypocrite! i hear by demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. we must fix our education system for our kids to make america great again. wonderful day at saint andrew in orlando. i hearby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. i hereby demand a second investigation after schumer of pelosi for her close ties to russia and lying about it. make america great again! the first meeting jeff sessions had with the russian amb was set up by the obama administration under education program for 100 ambs...... terrible! just found out that obama had my wires tapped in trump tower just before the victory. nothing found. this is mccarthyism! just out: the same russian ambassador that met jeff sessions visited the obama white house 22 times and 4 times last year alone. is it legal for a sitting president to be wire tapping a race for president prior to an election? turned down by court earlier. a new low! i d bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that president obama was tapping my phones in october just prior to election! how low has president obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process. this is nixon watergate. bad or sick guy! arnold schwarzenegger isn t voluntarily leaving the apprentice he was fired by his bad pathetic ratings not by me. sad end to great show. is it true the dnc would not allow the fbi access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? can that be possible? who was it that secretly said to russian president tell vladimir that after the election i ll have more flexibility? @foxandfriends. thank you for the great rallies all across the country. tremendous support. make america great again! president trump congratulates exxon mobil for job-creating investment program. buy american & hire american are the principals at the core of my agenda which is: jobs jobs jobs! thank you @exxonmobil. 45000 construction & manufacturing jobs in the u.s. gulf coast region. 20 billion investment. we are already winning again america! there is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right nowwe re bringing back the jobs! buy american & hire american are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: jobs jobs jobs! thank you @exxonmobil. thank you to @exxonmobil for your 20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing & construction jobs in the usa! 122 vicious prisoners released by the obama administration from gitmo have returned to the battlefield. just another terrible decision! our wonderful new healthcare bill is now out for review and negotiation. obamacare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast! for eight years russia ran over president obama got stronger and stronger picked-off crimea and added missiles. weak! @foxandfriends. don t worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends. i am working on a new system where there will be competition in the drug industry. pricing for the american people will come way down! don t let the fake news tell you that there is big infighting in the trump admin. we are getting along great and getting major things done! i feel sure that my friend @randpaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows obamacare is a disaster! i have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy. on international women s day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in america & around the world. linkedin workforce report: january and february were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since august and september 2015. met with @repcummings today at the @whitehouse. great discussion! great news. we are only just beginning. together we are going to #maga! despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great. we are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture! u.s. consumer comfort just reached its highest level in a decade. honored to meet this years @senateyouth delegates w @vp pence in the east room of the @whitehouse. congratulations. weekly address - 11:00 a.m. at the @whitehouse! #maga. we are making great progress with healthcare. obamacare is imploding and will only get worse. republicans coming together to get job done! it is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives. be nice you will do much better! obamacare is imploding. it is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! republicans will come together and save the day. healthcare listening session w @vp & @secpricemd. watch: #readthebill:. proud to welcome our great cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting. unfortunately 4 seats were empty because s. meeting w washington d.c. @mayorbowser and metro gm paul wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here. jobs jobs jobs! great optimism in america and the results will be even better! does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of went to his mailbox and found my tax returns? @nbcnews fake news! can you imagine what the outcry would be if @snoopdogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at president obama? jail time! will be going to detroit michigan love today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to state & u.s. already happening! looking forward to a big rally in nashville tennessee tonight. big crowd of great people expected. will be fun! ceo s most optimistic since 2009. it will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut! i will be interviewed by @tuckercarlson tonight at 9:00 p.m. on @foxnews. enjoy! thank you andrew jackson! #potus7 #usa. in nashville tennessee! lets make america great again! thank you nashville tennessee! a budget that puts #americafirst must make safety its no. 1 prioritywithout safety there can be no prosperity:. an honor to welcome the taoiseach of ireland @endakennytd to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence. great progress on healthcare. improvements being made - republicans coming together! my representatives had a great meeting w the hispanic chamber of commerce at the wh today. look forward to tremendous growth & future mtgs! happy l fheile phadraig to all of my great irish friends! north korea is behaving very badly. they have been playing the united states for years. china has done little to help! the president changed. so has small businesses confidence. great meeting with the @republicanstudy committee this morning at the @whitehouse! despite what you have heard from the fake news i had a great meeting with german chancellor angela merkel. nevertheless germany owes..... ...vast sums of money to nato & the united states must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to germany! #icymi: weekly address. james clapper and others stated that there is no evidence potus colluded with russia. this story is fake news and everyone knows it! the democrats made up and pushed the russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign. big advantage in electoral college & lost! the real story that congress the fbi and all others should be looking into is the leaking of classified information. must find leaker now! just heard fake news cnn is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a way off disaster. much higher ratings at fox. what about all of the contact with the clinton campaign and the russians? also is it true that the dnc would not let the fbi in to look? congratulations eric & lara. very proud and happy for the two of you! thank you louisville kentucky- on my way! #maga. thank you louisville kentucky. together we will make america safe and great again! joined the @housegop conference this morning at the u.s. capitol. #passthebill #maga. honored to sign s.442 today. with this legislation we support @nasa s scientists engineers and astronauts in the. today on #nationalagday we honor our great american farmers & ranchers. their hard work & dedication are ingrained. big day for healthcare. working hard! spoke to u.k. prime minister theresa may today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in london. she is strong and doing very well. just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called russia story on nbc and abc. such dishonesty! a great american kurt cochran was killed in the london terror attack. my prayers and condolences are with his family and friends. we are taking action to #repealandreplace #obamacare! contact your rep & tell them you support #ahca. #passthebill. it was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @whitehouse today! after seven horrible years of obamacare skyrocketing premiums & deductibles bad healthcare this is finally your chance for a great plan! the irony is that the freedom caucus which is very pro-life and against planned parenthood allows p.p. to continue if they stop this plan! today i was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the #keystonepipeline. a grea. today i was thrilled to announce a commitment of 25 billion & 20k american jobs over the next 4 years. thank you. happy #medalofhonorday to our heroes! obamacare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for the people. do not worry! watch @judgejeanine on @foxnews tonight at 9:00 p.m. thanks you for all of the trump rallies today. amazing support. we will all make america great again! democrats are smiling in d.c. that the freedom caucus with the help of club for growth and heritage have saved planned parenthood & ocare! general kelly is doing a great job at the border. numbers are way down. many are not even trying to come in anymore. why isn t the house intelligence committee looking into the bill & hillary deal that allowed big uranium to go to russia russian speech.... ...money to bill the hillary russian reset praise of russia by hillary or podesta russian company. trump russia story is a hoax. #maga! the republican house freedom caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. after so many bad years they were ready for a win! the democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as obamacare folds - not long. do not worry we are in very good shape! big announcement by ford today. major investment to be made in three michigan plants. car companies coming back to u.s. jobs! jobs! jobs! watch @foxandfriends now on podesta and russia! the failing @nytimes would do much better if they were honest! it was an honor to welcome @glfop to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence & attorney general sessions. thank you fo. a new era in american energy! #madeintheusawatch here:. why doesn t fake news talk about podesta ties to russia as covered by @foxnews or money from russia to clinton - sale of uranium? remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong. now worse! if the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media! today s eo established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis. watch listening session. .@flotus melania and i were honored to stop by the women s empowerment panel this afternoon at the @whitehouse. today we honored our true american heroes on the first-ever national vietnam war veterans day.#thankaveteran. the freedom caucus will hurt the entire republican agenda if they don t get on the team & fast. we must fight them & dems in 2018! the failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world. gotten me wrong for two solid years. change libel laws? great op-ed from @repkenbuck. looks like some in the freedom caucus are helping me end #obamacare. if @repmarkmeadows @jim jordan and raul labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform. if @repmarkmeadows @jim jordan and @raul labrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts & reform. where are @repmarkmeadows @jim jordan and @raul labrador?#repealandreplace #obamacare. the meeting next week with china will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits... ...and job losses. american companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives. only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to #makeamericagreatagain. mike flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt excuse for big election loss by media & dems of historic proportion! it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of denmark lars lkke rasmussen @larsloekke to the @whitehouse yes. great meeting with a wonderful woman today former secretary of state condoleezza rice! #usa. #confirmgorsuch #scotus. it is an exciting time for our country!#weeklyaddress #confirmgorsuch. trump celebrates american manufacturing survey showing highest level of optimism in 20 years. we are going to defend our industry & create a level playing field for the american worker. it is time to put. when will sleepy eyes chuck todd and @nbcnews start talking about the obama surveillance scandal and stop with the fake trump russia story? it is the same fake news media that said there is no path to victory for trump that is now pushing the phony russia story. a total scam! the failing @nytimes finally gets it - in places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for obamacare customers to.. ...use subsidies to buy health plans. in other words ocare is dead. good things will happen however either with republicans or dems. wow @foxnews just reporting big news. source: official behind unmasking is high up. known intel official is responsible. some unmasked.... ..not associated with russia. trump team spied on before he was nominated. if this is true does not get much bigger. would be sad for u.s. thank you @jclayfield -- will get even better as my administration continues to put #americafirst. anybody especially fake news media who thinks that repeal & replace of obamacare is dead does not know the love and strength in r party! talks on repealing and replacing obamacare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck. the real story turns out to be surveillance and leaking! find the leakers. melania and i are honored to light up the @whitehouse this evening for #worldautismawarenessday. join us & #liub. such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends. spied on before nomination. the real story. was the brother of john podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on russia lifted? did hillary know? did hillary clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? just asking! .@foxnews from multiple sources: there was electronic surveillance of trump and people close to trump. this is unprecedented. @fbi. getting ready to meet president al-sisi of egypt. on behalf of the united states i look forward to a long and wonderful relationship. looking forward to hosting our heroes from the wounded warrior project @wwp soldier ride to the @whitehouse on th. it was an honor to welcome president al sisi of egypt to the @whitehouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe. .@whitehouse #ceotownhall. thank you sean mcgarvey & the entire governing board of presidents for honoring me w an invite to speak. #nabtu2017. great to talk jobs with #nabtu2017. tremendous spirit & optimism - we will deliver! i am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship & to strengthening america s long-standing support for. jobs jobs jobs! it was an honor to host our american heroes from the @wwp #soldierridedc at the @whitehouse today with @flotus @vp. it was a great honor to have president xi jinping and madame peng liyuan of china as our guests in the united states. tremendous... ...goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade. congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the united states and the world so well in the syria attack. the reason you don t generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix fill in and top ! judge gorsuch will be sworn in at the rose garden of the white house on monday at 11:00 a.m. he will be a great justice. very proud of him! so sad to hear of the terrorist attack in egypt. u.s. strongly condemns. i have great... ...confidence that president al sisi will handle situation properly. thank you @usnavy! #usa. congratulations to justice neil gorsuch on his elevation to the united states supreme court. a great day for americ. happy passover to everyone celebrating in the united states of america israel and around the world. #chagsameach. i explained to the president of china that a trade deal with the u.s. will be far better for them if they solve the north korean problem! north korea is looking for trouble. if china decides to help that would be great. if not we will solve the problem without them! u.s.a. ron estes is running today for congress in the great state of kansas. a wonderful guy i need his help on healthcare & tax cuts reform . great strategic & policy ceo forum today with my cabinet secretaries and top ceo s from around the united states. i will be interviewed by @mariabartiromo at 6:00 a.m. @foxbusiness. enjoy! had a very good call last night with the president of china concerning the menace of north korea. great win in kansas last night for ron estes easily winning the congressional race against the dems who spent heavily & predicted victory! great meeting w nato sec. gen. we agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share & focus on. economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the american workers. #americafirst. one by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations. big changes are happening! jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored. we are truly making america great again! i have great confidence that china will properly deal with north korea. if they are unable to do so the u.s. with its allies will! u.s.a. things will work out fine between the u.s.a. and russia. at the right time everyone will come to their senses & there will be lasting peace! it was a great honor to welcome atlanta s heroic first responders to the white house this afternoon! weekly address-. why would i call china a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the north korean problem? we will see what happens! happy easter to everyone! i did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a republican-easily won the electoral college! now tax returns are brought up again? someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday. the election is over! our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before. frankly we have no choice! the recent kansas election congress was a really big media event until the republicans won. now they play the same game with georgia-bad! the first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy! so true. @foxandfriends. a great book for your reading enjoyment: reasons to vote for democrats by michael j. knowles. the fake media not real media has gotten even worse since the election. every story is badly slanted. we have to hold them to the truth! the super liberal democrat in the georgia congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes! trump approval hits 50. see you tomorrow wisconsin! trump spurs small-business optimism in milwaukee area. with eleven republican candidates running in georgia on tuesday for congress a runoff will be a win. vote r for lower taxes & safety! the weak illegal immigration policies of the obama admin. allowed bad ms 13 gangs to form in cities across u.s. we are removing them fast! i will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 a.m. enjoy! democrat jon ossoff would be a disaster in congress. very weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes. say no. republicans must get out today and vote in georgia 6. force runoff and easy win! dem ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime & 2nd a. just learned that jon @ossoff who is running for congress in georgia doesn t even live in the district. republicans get out and vote! #buyamericanhireamericanwatch. despite major outside money fake media support and eleven republican candidates big r win with runoff in georgia. glad to be of help! dems failed in kansas and are now failing in georgia. great job karen handel! it is now hollywood vs. georgia on june 20th. #buyamericanhireamerican. today i signed the veterans our heroes choice program extension & improvement act @ the @whitehouse. #s544 watch. a great honor to host the @superbowl champion new england @patriots at the white house today. congratulations! failing @nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning new england patriots visit to w.h. we re going to use american steel we re going to use american labor we are going to come first in all deals. a great honor to host pm paolo gentiloni of italy at the white house this afternoon! #icymi- joint press conference. another terrorist attack in paris. the people of france will not take much more of this. will have a big effect on presidential election! no matter how much i accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days & it has been a lot including s.c. media will kill! china is very much the economic lifeline to north korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the north korean problem they will. welcome home aya!#godblesstheusa. presidential executive order on identifying and reducing tax regulatory burdens executive order:. after 5 sb victories since 2002 it was my honor to give bob kraft coach belichick and the players their first to. getting ready to visit walter reed medical center with melania. looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest americans! next saturday night i will be holding a big rally in pennsylvania. look forward to it! big tax reform and tax reduction will be announced next wednesday. today on earth day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land. we stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation. i am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection. jobs matter! very interesting election currently taking place in france. thank you lake worth florida. @foxandfriends. obamacare is in serious trouble. the dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought. the democrats don t want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad ms 13 gang members. eventually but at a later date so we can get started early mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall. new polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is fake and almost always negative. would still beat hillary in ..... ...popular vote. abc news washington post poll wrong big on election said almost all stand by their vote on me & 53 said strong leader. the two fake news polls released yesterday abc & nbc while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in general e. watch! the wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth and many others ! if. #congratspeggy! ....the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will never be fixed the way it should be!#buildthewall. join me in congratulating @nasa s @astropeggy by using the hashtag #congratspeggy! earlier today:. if our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. obamacare is in a death spiral! today i signed the holocaust remembrance proclamation: #icymi- my statement last night at. proud of @ivankatrump for her leadership on these important issues. looking forward to hearing her speak at the w20! canada has made business for our dairy farmers in wisconsin and other border states very difficult. we will not stand for this. watch! don t let the fake media tell you that i have changed my position on the wall. it will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc. remarks at the united states holocaust memorial museum s national days of remembrance. full remarks:. presidential executive order on promoting agriculture and rural prosperity in america executive order:. first the ninth circuit rules against the ban & now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings. see you in the supreme court! out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the ban case and now the sanctuary case is brought in ... ...the ninth circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned close to 80 . they used to call this judge shopping! messy system. the u.s. recorded its slowest economic growth in five years 2016 . gdp up only 1.6 . trade deficits hurt the economy very badly. happy birthday to our @flotus melania! today i signed an executive order @ the u.s. dept. of @interior: review of designations under the antiquities act. today i signed an executive order on enforcing statutory prohibitions on federal control of education. eo:. a great great honor to welcome & recognize the national teacher of the year as well as the teacher of the year fro. democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous #obamacare and puerto rico with your tax dollars. sad! i received calls from the president of mexico and the prime minister of canada asking to renegotiate nafta rather than terminate. i agreed.. ...subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate nafta. relationships are good-deal very possible! the democrats want to shut government if we don t bail out puerto rico and give billions to their insurance companies for ocare failure. no! i want to help our miners while the democrats are blocking their healthcare. i promise to rebuild our military and secure our border. democrats want to shut down the government. politics! what s more important? rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? ask the democrats. democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies. it is time to put #americafirst. democrats used to support border security now they want illegals to pour through our borders. as families prepare for summer vacations in our national parks - democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government. terrible! .@flotus melania and i were honored to welcome argentina president @mauriciomacri and first lady juliana awada to t. presidential memorandum for the @commercegov @secretaryross re: aluminum imports and threats to national security:. today i signed an executive order on improving accountability and whistleblower protection at the @deptvetaffairs:. we are making tremendous progress with the v. a. there has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started. we love our vets! i will be interviewed by @marthamaccallum on @foxnews tonight at 7pm. enjoy! north korea disrespected the wishes of china & its highly respected president when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today. bad! .@loudobbs just stated that president trump s successes are unmatched in recent presidential history thank you lou! looking forward to rally in the great state of pennsylvania tonight at 7:30. big crowd big energy! mainstream fake media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders & great optimism! i will be interviewed on @facethenation this morning at 10:00 a.m. have a great day! big excitement last night in the great state of pennsylvania! fantastic crowd and people. make america great again! the democrats without a leader have become the party of obstruction.they are only interested in themselves and not in what s best for u.s. you can t compare anything to obamacare because obamacare is dead. dems want billions to go to insurance companies to bail out donors....new. ...healthcare plan is on its way. will have much lower premiums & deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions! this month we celebrate the contributions of asian americans & pacific islanders that enrich our nation. #icymi- on saturday i signed two eo s to help keep jobs & wealth in our country.eo1: eo2:. president andrew jackson who died 16 years before the civil war started saw it coming and was angry. would never have let it happen! the reason for the plan negotiated between the republicans and democrats is that we need 60 votes in the senate which are not there! we.... either elect more republican senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51 . our country needs a good shutdown in september to fix mess! congratulations to the winners of the commander-in-chief s trophy the great air force falcons! watch:. fbi director comey was the best thing that ever happened to hillary clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! the phony... ...trump russia story was an excuse used by the democrats as justification for losing the election. perhaps trump just ran a great campaign? it was an honor to stop by a #schoolchoice event hosted by @vp pence and @usedgov secretary @betsydevosed at the. an honor to host president mahmoud abbas at the wh today. hopefully something terrific could come out it between th. susan rice the former national security advisor to president obama is refusing to testify before a senate subcommittee next week on..... ...allegations of unmasking trump transition officials. not good! the fake news media is officially out of control. they will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this! congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike. death spiral! aetna will exit obamacare markets in va in 2018 citing expected losses on indv plans this year. beautiful evening with religious leaders here at the wh last night. join us now for a #nationaldayofprayer live:. i am watching the democrats trying to defend the you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan & premiums will go down obamacare lie. insurance companies are fleeing obamacare - it is dead. our healthcare plan will lower premiums & deductibles - and be great healthcare! if victorious republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful rose garden of the white house immediately after vote! it was a great day for the united states of america! this is a great plan that is a repeal & replace of obamacare. an honor to welcome pm of australia @turnbullmalcolm to america & join him in marking the 75th anniversary of the. big win in the house - very exciting! but when everything comes together with the inclusion of phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare! rather than causing a big disruption in n.y.c. i will be working out of my home in bedminster n.j. this weekend. also saves country money! of course the australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does. obamacare is dead! but our healthcare will soon be great. jobs jobs jobs! #weeklyaddress. wowthe fake news media did everything in its power to make the republican healthcare victory look as bad as possible.far better than ocare! why is it that the fake news rarely reports ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? it s dead! great jobs report today - it is all beginning to work! the reason i am staying in bedminster n. j. a beautiful community is that staying in nyc is much more expensive and disruptive. meetings! when will the fake media ask about the dems dealings with russia & why the dnc wouldn t allow the fbi to check their server or investigate? republican senators will not let the american people down! obamacare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead! congratulations to emmanuel macron on his big win today as the next president of france. i look very much forward to working with him! rexnord of indiana made a deal during the obama administration to move to mexico. fired their employees. tax product big that s sold in u.s. congratulations to @pga johndaly on his big win yesterday. john is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again! general flynn was given the highest security clearance by the obama administration - but the fake news seldom likes talking about that. ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h. council. ask sally yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to w.h. counsel. honored to welcome georgia prime minister giorgi kvirikashvili to the @whitehouse today with @vp mike pence. director clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is no evidence of collusion w russia and trump. sally yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news! the russia-trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end? biggest story today between clapper & yates is on surveillance. why doesn t the media report on this? #fakenews! it was an honor to welcome the teachers of the year to the wh last month. today we honor and thank all teachers! manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery. cryin chuck schumer stated recently i do not have confidence in him james comey any longer. then acts so indignant. #draintheswamp. the democrats have said some of the worst things about james comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad! james comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the fbi. comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in washington republican and democrat alike. when things calm down they will be thanking me! watching senator richard blumenthal speak of comey is a joke. richie devised one of the greatest military frauds in u.s. history. for.... years as a pol in connecticut blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in vietnam - except he was never there. when.... caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness...and now he is judge & jury. he should be the one who is investigated for his acts. the roger stone report on @cnn is false - fake news. have not spoken to roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision. dems have been complaining for months & months about dir. comey. now that he has been fired they pretend to be aggrieved. phony hypocrites! the democrats should be ashamed. this is a disgrace!#draintheswamp. presidential executive order on strengthening the cybersecurity of federal networks and critical infrastructure. presidential executive order on the establishment of presidential advisory commission on election integrity. we finally agree on something rosie. russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the u.s. tears itself apart over a democrat excuse for losing the election. yesterday on the same day- i had meetings with russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and the fm of ukraine pavlo. again the story that there was collusion between the russians & trump campaign was fabricated by dems as an excuse for losing the election. the fake media is working overtime today! as a very active president with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!.... ...maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future press briefings and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy??? james comey better hope that there are no tapes of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press! when james clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end? china just agreed that the u.s. will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into china once again. this is real news! today @flotus hosted a military mother s day event in the east room of the wh. it was an honor to stop by say hel. today i welcomed the victory christian center school. good luck @ the team america rocketry challenge! #tarc watch. #weeklyaddress. we. will be interviewed by @judgejeanine on @foxnews at 9:00 p.m. saturday night . enjoy! i was thrilled to be back @libertyu. congratulations to the class of 2017! this is your day and you ve earned it. wishing @flotus melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! happy #mothersday. today i delivered remarks at the 36th annual national peace officers memorial service. #nationalpoliceweekwatch. #peaceofficersmemorialday and#policeweek proclamation:. as president i wanted to share with russia at an openly scheduled w.h. meeting which i have the absolute right to do facts pertaining.... ...to terrorism and airline flight safety. humanitarian reasons plus i want russia to greatly step up their fight against isis & terrorism. i have been asking director comey & others from the beginning of my administration to find the leakers in the intelligence community..... u.s. industrial production surged in april. it was a great honor to welcome the president of turkey recep tayyip erdoan to the @whitehouse today! it was my great honor to deliver the #cgacommencement17 at the @uscgacademy. congratulations to the class of 2017! with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign & obama administration there was never a special councel appointed! this is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in american history! with all of the illegal acts that took place in the clinton campaign & obama administration there was never a special counsel appointed! a great honor to welcome president juan manuel santos of colombia to the white house today!joint press conf. president donald j. trump proclaims 5 14 2017 through 5 20 2017 as #policeweek proclamation. getting ready for my big foreign trip. will be strongly protecting american interests - that s what i like to do! #weeklyaddress. great to be in riyadh saudi arabia. looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead. #potusabroad. thank you to the brave servicemen & women who have served and continue to serve the united states- our true heroes. speech transcript at arab islamic american summit #potusabroad. #riyadhsummit #potusabroad. prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi- on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you for the invitation. we stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the united kingdom. thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit prime minister @netanyahu and @presidentruvi. israel saudi arabia and the middle east were great. trying hard for peace. doing well. heading to vatican & pope then #g7 and #nato. all civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace. honor of a lifetime to meet his holiness pope francis. i leave the vatican more determined than ever to pursue peac. thank you for the warm welcome to brussels belgium this afternoon! today s ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve.#natomeeting #nato. thank you for your support. together we will make america safe and great again!#potusabroad #usa. just arrived in taormina with @flotus melania. #g7summit #usa. just arrived in italy for the g7. trip has been very successful. we made and saved the usa many billions of dollars and millions of jobs. getting ready to engage g7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security. terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront & defeat this evil. on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening president sergio mattarella. big g7 meetings today. lots of very important matters under discussion. first on the list of course is terrorism. #g7taormina. many nato countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should. money is beginning to pour in- nato will be much stronger. i will make my final decision on the paris accord next week! just left the #g7summit. had great meetings on everything especially on trade where.... .... we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practices....to foster a truly level playing field. i look forward to reading the @commercegov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in june. will take major action if necessary. bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the u.s.a. from the middle east - which will mean jobs jobs jobs! big win in montana for republicans! we. just arrived in italy after having a very successful nato meeting in brussels. told other nations they must pay more not fair to u.s. big win in montana for republicans! just returned from europe. trip was a great success for america. hard work but big results! it is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the white house are fabricated lies made up by the #fakenews media. whenever you see the words sources say in the fake news media and they don t mention names.... ....it is very possible that those sources don t exsist but are made up by fake news writers. #fakenews is the enemy! does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems & fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered. ....it is very possible that those sources don t exist but are made up by fake news writers. #fakenews is the enemy! does anyone notice how the montana congressional race was such a big deal to dems & fake news until the republican won? v was poorly covered. british prime minister may was very angry that the info the u.k. gave to u.s. about manchester was leaked. gave me full details! i suggest that we add more dollars to healthcare and make it the best anywhere. obamacare is dead - the republicans will do much better! the massive tax cuts reform that i have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule. big benefits to all! the fake news media works hard at disparaging & demeaning my use of social media because they don t want america to hear the real story! honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to america. home of the free because of the brave. #memorialday. north korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor china by shooting off yet another ballistic missile...but china is trying hard! today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving. thank you god bless your families & god bless the usa! i look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this memorial day at arlington national cemetery later this morning. we have a massive trade deficit with germany plus they pay far less than they should on nato & military. very bad for u.s. this will change. russian officials must be laughing at the u.s. & how a lame excuse for why the dems lost the election has taken over the fake news. the u.s. senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get healthcare and tax cuts approved fast and easy. dems would do it no doubt! despite the constant negative press covfefe. who can figure out the true meaning of covfefe ??? enjoy! so now it is reported that the democrats who have excoriated carter page about russia don t want him to testify. he blows away their.... ...case against him & now wants to clear his name by showing the false or misleading testimony by james comey john brennan... witch hunt! kathy griffin should be ashamed of herself. my children especially my 11 year old son barron are having a hard time with this. sick! hopefully republican senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new repeal & replace healthcare bill. add saved s. i will be announcing my decision on the paris accord over the next few days. make america great again! we traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships. see more at:. it was an honor to welcome the prime minister of vietnam nguyn xun phc to the @whitehouse this afternoon. crooked hillary clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate. hits facebook & even dems & dnc. i will be announcing my decision on paris accord thursday at 3:00 p.m. the white house rose garden. make america great again! the big story is the unmasking and surveillance of people that took place during the obama administration. join me live at the @whitehouse. my job as president is to do everything within my power to give america a level playing field. #americafirst. make america great again! #makeamericagreatagain. #weeklyaddress. we need to be smart vigilant and tough. we need the courts to give us back our rights. we need the travel ban as an extra level of safety! whatever the united states can do to help out in london and the u. k. we will be there - we are with you. god bless! we must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people. if we don t get smart it will only get worse. at least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and mayor of london says there is no reason to be alarmed! do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? that s because they used knives and a truck! people the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but i am calling it what we need and what it is a travel ban! the justice dept. should have stayed with the original travel ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to s.c. the justice dept. should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down travel ban before the supreme court - & seek much tougher version! in any event we are extreme vetting people coming into the u.s. in order to help keep our country safe. the courts are slow and political! .@foxandfriends dems are taking forever to approve my people including ambassadors. they are nothing but obstructionists! want approvals. pathetic excuse by london mayor sadiq khan who had to think fast on his no reason to be alarmed statement. msm is working hard to sell it! .@secshulkin s decision is one of the biggest wins for our veterans in decades. our heroes deserve the best! today i announced an air traffic control initiative to take american air travel into the future - finally! that s right we need a travel ban for certain dangerous countries not some politically correct term that won t help us protect our people! big meeting today with republican leadership concerning tax cuts and healthcare. we are all pushing hard - must get it right! the fake msm is working so hard trying to get me not to use social media. they hate that i can get the honest and unfiltered message out. during my recent trip to the middle east i stated that there can no longer be funding of radical ideology. leaders pointed to qatar - look! sorry folks but if i would have relied on the fake news of cnn nbc abc cbs washpost or nytimes i would have had zero chance winning wh. so good to see the saudi arabia visit with the king and 50 countries already paying off. they said they would take a hard line on funding... ...extremism and all reference was pointing to qatar. perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism! today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of normandy 73 years ago. #dday. great meeting with @housegop and @senategop leaders including @speakerryan @senatemajldr @gopleader @johncornyn. #icymi: announcement of air traffic control initiative watch. senate passed the va accountability act. the house should get this bill to my desk asap! we cant tolerate substandard care for our vets. i will be nominating christopher a. wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new director of the fbi. details to follow. getting ready to leave for cincinnati in the great state of ohio to meet with obamacare victims and talk healthcare & also infrastructure! despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindication...and wow comey is a leaker! great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others. thank you! congratulations to jeb hensarling & republicans on successful house vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 dodd-frank financial law. growth! an honor to join the @faithandfreedom coalition yesterday. in america we don t worship government. we worship god. a great honor to host and welcome leaders from around america to the @whitehouse infrastructure summit. it is time to rebuild our country to bring back our jobs to restore our dreams & yes to put #americafirst! ty o. time to start building in our country with american workers & with american iron aluminum & steel. it is time to. america is going to build again. under budget and ahead of schedule. time to put #americafirst! #infrastructureweek. the #fakenews msm doesn t report the great economic news since election day. #dow up 16 . #nasdaq up 19.5 . drilling & energy sector... ...way up. regulations way down. 600000 new jobs added. unemployment down to 4.3 . business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels! i believe the james comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible. totally illegal? very cowardly! the democrats have no message not on economics not on taxes not on jobs not on failing #obamacare. they are only obstructionists! my daughter ivanka will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning. enjoy! great numbers on the economy. all of our work including the passage of many bills & regulation killing executive orders now kicking in! ivanka on @foxandfriends now! we will never forget the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific #pulsenightclub shooting. congratulations! first new coal mine of trump era opens in pennsylvania. finally held our first full @cabinet meeting today. with this great team we can restore american prosperity and br. congratulations to the 2016 @clemsonfb tigers!full ceremony:. the fake news media has never been so wrong or so dirty. purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate. sad! well as predicted the 9th circuit did it again - ruled against the travel ban at such a dangerous time in the history of our country. s.c. a.g. lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposes...gave hillary clinton a free pass and protection. totally illegal! fake news is at an all time high. where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories??? heading to the great state of wisconsin to talk about jobs jobs jobs! big progress being made as the real news is reporting. 2 million more people just dropped out of obamacare. it is in a death spiral. obstructionist democrats gave up have no answer resist! just arrived in wisconsin to discuss jobs jobs jobs! #maga. the passage of the @deptvetaffairs accountability and whistleblower protection act is great news for veterans! i lo. just got back from wisconsin. great day great people! rep. steve scalise of louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover. our thoughts and prayers are with him. happy birthday to u.s. army and our soldiers. thank you for your bravery sacrifices & dedication. proud to be your commander-in-chief! just left hospital. rep. steve scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter. pray for steve! they made up a phony collusion with the russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story. nice. you are witnessing the single greatest witch hunt in american political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people! #maga. why is that hillary clintons family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are? crooked h destroyed phones w hammer bleached emails & had husband meet w ag days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction? thank you wisconsin! tuesday was a great success for #workforceweek at @wctc w @ivankatrump & @govwalker. remarks. #congressionalbaseballgame. after 7 months of investigations & committee hearings about my collusion with the russians nobody has been able to show any proof. sad! the fake news media hates when i use what has turned out to be my very powerful social media - over 100 million people! i can go around them. despite the phony witch hunt going on in america the economic & jobs numbers are great. regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up! i am being investigated for firing the fbi director by the man who told me to fire the fbi director! witch hunt. great news! #maga. remarks by president trump on the policy of the u.s.a. towards cuba video:. national security presidential memorandum on strengthening the policy of the united states toward cuba memorandum. back from miami where my cuban american friends are very happy with what i signed today. another campaign promise that i did not forget! thoughts and prayers with the sailors of uss fitzgerald and their families. thank you to our japanese allies for th. the make america great again agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the witch hunt. many new jobs high business enthusiasm.. ...massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new s.c.justice and infrastructure healthcare and tax cuts in works! the new rasmussen poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 election just out with a trump 50 approval rating.that s higher than o s # s! camp david is a very special place. an honor to have spent the weekend there. military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do! jay sekulow on @foxandfriends now. the dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and border security.their obamacare is dead with 100 increases in p s. vote now for karen h. my heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @usnavy sailors of the #ussfitzgerald and their families. ralph norman who is running for congress in sc s 5th district will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and.... ....getting great border security and healthcare. #voteralphnorman tomorrow! karen handle s opponent in #ga06 can t even vote in the district he wants to represent.... ....because he doesn t live there! he wants to raise taxes & kill healthcare. on tuesday #votekarenhandel. karen handel s opponent in #ga06 can t even vote in the district he wants to represent.... ....because he doesn t even live there! he wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare. on tuesday #votekarenhandel. it was my great honor to welcome president @jc varela & mrs. varela from panama this afternoon. melania and i offer our deepest condolences to the family of otto warmbier. full statement:. big day tomorrow in georgia and south carolina. obamacare is dead. dems want to raise taxes big! they can only obstruct no ideas. vote r. democrat jon ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn t even live in district. karen handel for congress. she will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! vote today. the u.s. once again condemns the brutality of the north korean regime as we mourn its latest victim. video:. while i greatly appreciate the efforts of president xi & china to help with north korea it has not worked out. at least i know china tried! it was a great honor to welcome president petro poroshenko of ukraine to the @whitehouse today with @vp pence. things are looking great for karen h! thank you @foxnews huge win for president trump and gop in georgia congressional special election. congratulations to karen handel on her big win in georgia 6th. fantastic job we are all very proud of you! ralph norman ran a fantastic race to win in the great state of south carolina s 5th district. we are all honored by your success tonight! well the special elections are over and those that want to make america great again are 5 and o! all the fake news all the money spent 0. democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with republicans on healthcaretax cutssecurity. obstruction doesn t work! just landed in iowa. see everyone soon! #maga. thank you kirkwood community college. heading to the u.s. cellular center now for an 8pme make america great again. great night in iowa - special people. thank you! former homeland security advisor jeh johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between trump & russia. by the way if russia was working so hard on the 2016 election it all took place during the obama admin. why didn t they stop them? ...why did democratic national committee turn down the dhs offer to protect against hacks long prior to election . it s all a big dem hoax! ...why did the dnc refuse to turn over its server to the fbi and still hasn t? it s all a big dem scam and excuse for losing the election! i certainly hope the democrats do not force nancy p out. that would be very bad for the republican party - and please let cryin chuck stay! with all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information i have no idea... ...whether there are tapes or recordings of my conversations with james comey but i did not make and do not have any such recordings. as promised our campaign against the ms-13 gang continues. @icegov busts 39 ms-13 members in new york operation. mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only syria. drug trade is largely the cause. we will build the wall! i am very supportive of the senate #healthcarebill. look forward to making it really special! remember obamacare is dead. together we are going to make america great again!#americafirst. we re all thinking of you @stevescalise! #teamscalise. .@flotus & i were honored to host our first wh congressional picnic. a wonderful evening & tradition. @marineband:. will be on @foxandfriends. enjoy! i ve helped pass and signed 38 legislative bills mostly with no democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations. nice! today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the #vaaccountability act into law delivering my campaign promise. weekly address. just out: the obama administration knew far in advance of november 8th about election meddling by russia. did nothing about it. why? democrats slam gop healthcare proposal as obamacare premiums & deductibles increase by over 100 . remember keep your doctor keep your plan? since the obama administration was told way before the 2016 election that the russians were meddling why no action? focus on them not t! obama administration official said they choked when it came to acting on russian meddling of election. they didn t want to hurt hillary? i cannot imagine that these very fine republican senators would allow the american people to suffer a broken obamacare any longer! make america great again! hillary clinton colluded with the democratic party in order to beat crazy bernie sanders. is she allowed to so collude? unfair to bernie! i am on @foxandfriends - enjoy! the democrats have become nothing but obstructionists they have no policies or ideas. all they do is delay and complain.they own obamacare! the reason that president obama did nothing about russia after being notified by the cia of meddling is that he expected clinton would win.. ...and did not want to rock the boat. he didn t choke he colluded or obstructed and it did the dems and crooked hillary no good. the real story is that president obama did nothing after being informed in august about russian meddling. with 4 months looking at russia... ..under a magnifying glass they have zero tapes of t people colluding. there is no collusion & no obstruction. i should be given apology! republican senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the democrats. not easy! perhaps just let ocare crash & burn! very grateful for the 9-o decision from the u. s. supreme court. we must keep america safe! from @foxnews bombshell: in 2016 obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an american election. check out his statement - witch hunt! great day for america s future security and safety courtesy of the u.s. supreme court. i will keep fighting for the american people & win! wow cnn had to retract big story on russia with 3 employees forced to resign. what about all the other phony stories they do? fake news! fake news cnn is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony russian stories. ratings way down! so they caught fake news cnn cold but what about nbc cbs & abc? what about the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost? they are all fake news! with zero democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous obamacare as the dems legacy the republican senators are working hard! i just finished a great meeting with the republican senators concerning healthcare. they really want to get it right unlike ocare! the failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me. they don t even call to verify the facts of a story. a fake news joke! some of the fake news media likes to say that i am not totally engaged in healthcare. wrong i know the subject well & want victory for u.s. the #amazonwashingtonpost sometimes referred to as the guardian of amazon not paying internet taxes which they should is fake news! #icymi- on monday i had the great honor of welcoming india s prime minister @narendramodi to the wh. full remarks:. it was my great honor to welcome the 2016 world series champion chicago @cubs to the @whitehouse this afternoon. today i hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in congress tomorrow. watch and read more. democrats purposely misstated medicaid under new senate bill - actually goes up. from my first day in office weve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on american energy. remarks. tomorrow the house votes on #kateslaw & no sanctuary for criminals act. lawmakers must vote to put american safety. new sugar deal negotiated with mexico is a very good one for both mexico and the u.s. had no deal for many years which hurt u.s. badly. i heard poorly rated @morning joe speaks badly of me don t watch anymore . then how come low i.q. crazy mika along with psycho joe came.. ...to mar-a-lago 3 nights in a row around new year s eve and insisted on joining me. she was bleeding badly from a face-lift. i said no! today the house votes on two crucial bills:#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact #kateslaw pass these bills & lets. make america safe again!#nosanctuaryforcriminalsact #kateslaw #saveamericanlives. join me live with @vp @secretaryperry @secretaryzinke and @epascottpruitt. #unleashingamericanenergy. mattis says trumps warning stopped chemical weapons attack in syria. good news house just passed #kateslaw. hopefully senate will follow. good news out of the house with the passing of no sanctuary for criminals act. hopefully senate will follow. statement on house passage of kates law and no sanctuary for criminals act. when it comes to the future of americas energy needs we will find it we will dream it and we will build it. our new american energy policy will unlock millions of jobs & trillions in wealth. we are on the cusp of a true ene. just finished a very good meeting with the president of south korea. many subjects discussed including north korea and new trade deal! if republican senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately repeal and then replace at a later date! crime and killings in chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that i am sending in federal help. 1714 shootings in chicago this year! watched low rated @morning joe for first time in long time. fake news. he called me to stop a national enquirer article. i said no! bad show. i am encouraged by president moon s assurances that he will work to level the playing field for american workers b. the era of strategic patience with the north korea regime has failed. that patience is over. we are working closely. america will think big once again. we will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of american. happy canada day to all of the great people of canada and to your prime minister and my new found friend @justintrudeau. #canada150. word is that @greta van susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @nbc & @comcast because she refused to go along w trump hate! numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished voter fraud panel. what are they trying to hide? i am extremely pleased to see that @cnn has finally been exposed as #fakenews and garbage journalism. it s about time! crazy joe scarborough and dumb as a rock mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their nbc bosses. too bad! weekly address #kateslaw#nosanctuaryforcriminalsactstatement:. getting rdy to leave for tonight s celebrate freedom concert honoring our great veterans w so many of my evangelic. the fake & fraudulent news media is working hard to convince republicans and others i should not use social media - but remember i won.... ....the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media. i had to beat #fakenews and did. we will continue to win! i am thinking about changing the name #fakenews cnn to #fraudnewscnn! my use of social media is not presidential - its modern day presidential. make america great again! we will always take care of our great veterans. you have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in. #fraudnewscnn #fnn. the dishonest media will never keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our great american people! stock market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years wages will start going up and our base has never been stronger! america s men & women in uniform is the story of freedom overcoming oppression the strong protecting the weak & g. will be speaking with germany and france this morning. spoke yesterday with the king of saudi arabia about peace in the middle-east. interesting things are happening! will be speaking with italy this morning! at some point the fake news will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with isis the border & so much else! if we can help little #charliegard as per our friends in the u.k. and the pope we would be delighted to do so. thank you to shawn steel for the nice words on @foxnews. really great numbers on jobs & the economy! things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! don t like steel & aluminum dumping! dow hit a new intraday all-time high! i wonder whether or not the fake news media will so report? north korea has just launched another missile. does this guy have anything better to do with his life? hard to believe that south korea..... ....and japan will put up with this much longer. perhaps china will put a heavy move on north korea and end this nonsense once and for all! #happyindependenceday #july4 #usa. getting ready to celebrate the 4th of july with a big crowd at the white house. happy 4th to everyone. our country will grow and prosper! gas prices are the lowest in the u.s. in over ten years! i would like to see them go even lower. #happyindependenceday #usa. getting ready to leave for poland after which i will travel to germany for the g-20. will be back on saturday. the united states made some of the worst trade deals in world history.why should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us? trade between china and north korea grew almost 40 in the first quarter. so much for china working with us - but we had to give it a try! congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the usss as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary. thank you! on behalf of @flotus melania and myself thank you poland!#icymi watch here #potusinpoland. america is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and extremism. #potusinpoland. the west will never be broken. our values will prevail. our people will thrive and our civilization will triumph! a strong poland is a blessing to the nations of europe and a strong europe is a blessing to the west and to the world. my experience yesterday in poland was a great one. thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech! after poland had a great meeting with chancellor merkel and then with pm shinz abe of japan & president moon of south korea. everyone here is talking about why john podesta refused to give the dnc server to the fbi and the cia. disgraceful! i look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with vladimir putin. much to discuss.#g20summit #usa. i will represent our country well and fight for its interests! fake news media will never cover me accurately but who cares! we will #maga! thank you! trumps defining speech wsj editorial:. great first day with world leaders at the #g20summit here in hamburg germany. looking forward to day two! #usa. we will fight the #fakenews with you! the #g20summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by chancellor angela merkel. thank you! law enforcement & military did a spectacular job in hamburg. everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists. @polizeihamburg #g20summit. leaving hamburg for washington d.c. and the wh. just left chinas president xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade & north korea. thank you @senatordole very kind! the g 20 summit was a great success for the u.s. - explained that the u.s. must fix the many bad trade deals it has made. will get done! i strongly pressed president putin twice about russian meddling in our election. he vehemently denied it. i ve already given my opinion..... ...we negotiated a ceasefire in parts of syria which will save lives. now it is time to move forward in working constructively with russia! putin & i discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking & many other negative things will be guarded.. ...and safe. questions were asked about why the cia & fbi had to ask the dnc 13 times for their server and were rejected still don t.... ...have it. fake news said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 had to apologize . why did obama do nothing when he had info before election? sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with president putin. nothing will be done until the ukrainian & syrian problems are solved! make america great again! for years even as a civilian i listened as republicans pushed the repeal and replace of obamacare. now they finally have their chance! syrian ceasefire seems to be holding. many lives can be saved. came out of meeting. good! the fact that president putin and i discussed a cyber security unit doesn t mean i think it can happen. it can t-but a ceasefire can& did! james comey leaked classified information to the media. that is so illegal! i cannot imagine that congress would dare to leave washington without a beautiful new healthcare bill fully approved and ready to go! when i left conference room for short meetings with japan and other countries i asked ivanka to hold seat. very standard. angela m agrees! if chelsea clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the fake news would say chelsea for pres! the senate democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 presidential nominees. they can t win so all they do is slow things down & obstruct! working hard to get the olympics for the united states l.a. . stay tuned! marine plane crash in mississippi is heartbreaking. melania and i send our deepest condolences to all! big wins against isis! my son donald will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 p.m. he is a great person who loves our country! my son donald did a good job last night. he was open transparent and innocent. this is the greatest witch hunt in political history. sad! remember when you hear the words sources say from the fake media often times those sources are made up and do not exist. isis is on the run & will soon be wiped out of syria & iraq illegal border crossings are way down 75 & ms 13 gangs are being removed. .@washtimes states democrats have willfully used moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against donald trump. why aren t the same standards placed on the democrats. look what hillary clinton may have gotten away with. disgraceful! the w.h. is functioning perfectly focused on healthcare tax cuts reform & many other things. i have very little time for watching t.v. after 14 years u.s. beef hits chinese market. trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture. getting rdy to leave for france @ the invitation of president macron to celebrate & honor bastille day and 100yrs since u.s. entry into wwi. stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive. jobs outlook looking very good! #maga. jobs jobs jobs! #maga. big win today for building the wall. it will secure the border & save lives. now the full house & senate must act! just landed in paris france with @flotus melania. melania and i were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @usembassyfrance members of the u.s. military and their families. president @emmanuelmacronthank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at les invalides today! great bilateral meetings at lyse palace w president @emmanuelmacron. the friendship between our two nations and ourselves is unbreakable. great evening with president @emmanuelmacron & mrs. macron. went to eiffel tower for dinner. relationship with france stronger than ever. republicans senators are working hard to get their failed obamacare replacement approved. i will be at my desk pen in hand! so impt rep senators under leadership of @senatemajldr mcconnell get healthcare plan approved. after 7yrs of o care disaster must happen! after all of these years of suffering thru obamacare republican senators must come through as they have promised! .@vp mike pence is working hard on healthcare and getting our wonderful republican senators to do what is right for the people. it was a great honor to represent the united states at the magnificent #bastilleday parade. congratulations president @emmanuelmacron! the united states mourns for the victims of nice france. we pledge our solidarity with france against terror. great conversations with president @emmanuelmacron and his representatives on trade military and security. left paris for u.s.a. will be heading to new jersey and attending the#uswomensopen their most important tournament this afternoon. just landed from paris france. it was an incredible visit with president @emmanuelmacron. a lot discussed and accomplished in two days! president @emmanuelmacronthank you for inviting melania and myself to such a historic celebration in france. #bastilleday #14juillet. honored to serve as commander-in-chief to the courageous men and women of our u.s. armed forces. a grateful nation thanks you! i will be at the @usga #uswomensopen in bedminster nj tomorrow. big crowds expected & the women are playing great-should be very exciting! stock market at new all-time high! working on new trade deals that will be great for u.s. and its workers! stock market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the russian hoax story! also jobs numbers are starting to look very good! will be at the women s u.s. open today! next week the senate is going to vote on legislation to save americans from the obamacare disaster. #weeklyaddress. make america great again! just got to the #uswomensopen in bedminster new jersey. people are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17 since election! the women played great today at the @usga #uswomensopen i look forward to being there tomorrow for the final round! hillaryclinton can illegally get the questions to the debate & delete 33000 emails but my son don is being scorned by the fake news media? thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the women s u.s. open. very cool! thank you to former campaign adviser michael caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no russian collusion in our winning campaign. with all of its phony unnamed sources & highly slanted & even fraudulent reporting #fake news is distorting democracy in our country! the abc washington post poll even though almost 40 is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time! the #ussjohnfinn will provide essential capabilities to keep america safe. our sailors are the best anywhere in the world. congratulations! i am at the @usga #uswomensopen. an amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting! congratulations to sung hyun park on winning the 2017 @usga #uswomensopen. heading back to washington d.c. much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security! most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent. that s politics! republicans should just repeal failing obamacare now & work on a new healthcare plan that will start from a clean slate. dems will join in! we were let down by all of the democrats and a few republicans. most republicans were loyal terrific & worked really hard. we will return! as i have always said let obamacare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan. stay tuned! with only a very small majority the republicans in the house & senate need more victories next year since dems totally obstruct no votes! the senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes. even parts of full repeal need 60. 8 dems control senate. crazy! fake news story of secret dinner with putin is sick. all g 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the chancellor of germany. press knew! the fake news is becoming more and more dishonest! even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in germany is made to look sinister! i will be having lunch at the white house today with republican senators concerning healthcare. they must keep their promise to america! the republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is & it will get even better at lunchtime.the dems scream death as ocare dies! melania and i send our thoughts and prayers to senator mccain cindy and their entire family. get well soon. departing the pentagon after meetings with @vp pence secretary james mattis and our great teams. #maga. i am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in america. #americafirst. billions of dollars in investments & thousands of new jobs in america! an initiative via corning merck & pfizer:. #madeinamerica. six months in - it is the hope of growththat is making americafour trillion dollarsricher. -stuart @varneyco. icymi- this week we hosted a #madeinamerica event right here at the @whitehouse! if it is made in america it is the best! usa. manufacturers record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @shopfloornam:. today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the wh. remarks:. today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the #ussarizona to the @whitehouse. #honorthemremarks:. sean spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the fake news media - but his future is bright! a new intelligence leak from the amazon washington postthis time against a.g. jeff sessions.these illegal leaks like comey s must stop! the failing new york times foiled u.s. attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristal-baghdadi.their sick agenda over national security. this morning i will be going to the commissioning ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world the gerald r. ford. norfolk va. while all agree the u. s. president has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is leaks against us.fake news. so many people are asking why isn t the a.g. or special council looking at the many hillary clinton or comey crimes. 33000 e-mails deleted? ...what about all of the clinton ties to russia including podesta company uranium deal russian reset big dollar speeches etc. my son donald openly gave his e-mails to the media & authorities whereas crooked hillary clinton deleted & acid washed her 33000 e-mails! in all fairness to anthony scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the republican primaries started but didn t think i was running! the republican senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to repeal and replace. next tax reform and infrastructure. win! obamacare is dead and the democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction. it is solely up to the 52 republican senators! join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the uss gerald r. ford! #usa. a ship is only as good as the people who serve on it and the american sailor is the best in the world. @usnavy #ussgeraldrford. american steel & american hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: american might is second to none!#ussgeraldrford #usa. to every patriot who will serve on the #ussgeraldrford:keep the watchprotect herdefend herlove hergood luck & godspeed! as the phony russian witch hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold democrats and russians! it s very sad that republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their president. it s hard to read the failing new york times or the amazon washington post because every story opinion even if should be positive is bad! if republicans don t repeal and replace the disastrous obamacare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand! thank you to @loudobbs for giving the first six months of the trump administration an a . s.c.reg cuttingstock m jobsborder etc. true! drain the swamp should be changed to drain the sewer - it s actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the fake news! after 1 year of investigation with zero evidence being found chuck schumer just stated that democrats should blame ourselvesnot russia. so why aren t the committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered a.g. looking into crooked hillarys crimes & russia relations? sleazy adam schiff the totally biased congressman looking into russia spends all of his time on television pushing the dem loss excuse! republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on repeal & replace after years of talking & campaigning on it. arriving at joint base andrews with @secretaryperry @secretaryzinke and @secpricemd..... any senator who votes against starting debate is telling america that you are fine w the #ocarenightmare! remarks:. #2017jambo- remember your duty. honor your history. take care of the people god puts into your life and love & cherish your country! the amazon washington post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to syrian rebels fighting assad..... so many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are fake news. they are as bad as ratings challenged @cnn. lobbyist for amazon and taxes? is fake news washington post being used as a lobbyist weapon against congress to keep politicians from looking into amazon no-tax monopoly? ukrainian efforts to sabotage trump campaign - quietly working to boost clinton. so where is the investigation a.g. @seanhannity. attorney general jeff sessions has taken a very weak position on hillary clinton crimes where are e-mails & dnc server & intel leakers! problem is that the acting head of the fbi & the person in charge of the hillary investigation andrew mccabe got 700000 from h for wife! big day for healthcare. after 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not republicans are willing to step up to the plate! obamacare is torturing the american people.the democrats have fooled the people long enough. repeal or repeal & replace! i have pen in hand. so great that john mccain is coming back to vote. brave - american hero! thank you john. jared kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the russians. witch hunt. next up 11 year old barron trump! working on major trade deal with the united kingdom. could be very big & exciting. jobs! the e.u. is very protectionist with the u.s. stop! this will be a very interesting day for healthcare.the dems are obstructionists but the republicans can have a great victory for the people! will be traveling to the great state of ohio tonight. big crowd expected. see you there! the american people have waited long enough. there has been enough talk and no action for seven years. now is the time for action! america s labor market continues to boom jobs jobs jobs! joint press conference with prime minister saad hariri of lebanon beginning shortly. join us live! .@senjohnmccain-thank you for coming to d.c. for such a vital vote. congrats to all rep. we can now deliver grt healthcare to all americans! just arrived in youngstown ohio with @flotus melania!#makeamericagreatagain. it was my great honor to join our wonderful veterans at amvets post 44 in youngstown ohio this evening. a grateful nation salutes you! people of ohio are fantastic. thank you so much. what an evening! the crowd in ohio was amazing last night - broke all records. we all had a great time in a great state. will be back soon! senator @lisamurkowski of the great state of alaska really let the republicans and our country down yesterday. too bad! after consultation with my generals and military experts please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow...... ....transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the u.s. military. our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming..... ....victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. thank you. why didn t a.g. sessions replace acting fbi director andrew mccabe a comey friend who was in charge of clinton investigation but got.... ...big dollars 700000 for his wife s political run from hillary clinton and her representatives. drain the swamp! in america we don t worship government - we worship god! congratulations to boys and girls nation. it was my great honor to welcome you to the wh today! full remarks:. thank you foxconn for investing 10 billion dollars with the potential for up to 13k new jobs in wisconsin! madeintheusa. wow the failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends ....the most powerful t.v. show in america. come on republican senators you can do it on healthcare. after 7 years this is your chance to shine! don t let the american people down! one of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the russians collected and spread negative information..... ...about then candidate trump. catherine herridge @foxnews. so why doesn t fake news report this? witch hunt! purposely phony reporting. big progress being made in ridding our country of ms-13 gang members and gang members in general. make america safe again! join me live as we recognize the first responders to the june 14th shooting involving @stevescalise. #teamscalise. today we gathered in the east room to pay tribute to the heroes whose courageous actions under fire saved so many lives in alexandria va. it was my great honor to present our nation s highest award for a public safety officer - the medal of valor to five american heroes! go republican senators go! get there after waiting for 7 years. give america great healthcare! 3 republicans and 48 democrats let the american people down. as i said from the beginning let obamacare implode then deal. watch! if republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60... ...even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60. so many great future bills & budgets need 60 votes.... we will always enforce our laws protect our borders and support our police! #lesmharrisburg pennsylvania #flashbackfriday #ms13. departing for long island now. an area under siege from #ms13 gang members. we will not rest until #ms13 is eradicated. #lesm. i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff. he is a great american.... ...and a great leader. john has also done a spectacular job at homeland security. he has been a true star of my administration. i would like to thank reince priebus for his service and dedication to his country. we accomplished a lot together and i am proud of him! we will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the american people first! replay:. in other words russia was against trump in the 2016 election - and why not i want strong military & low oil prices. witch hunt! republican senate must get rid of 60 vote now! it is killing the r party allows 8 dems to control country. 200 bills sit in senate. a joke! the very outdated filibuster rule must go. budget reconciliation is killing r s in senate. mitch m go to 51 votes now and win. it s time! republicans in the senate will never win if they don t go to a 51 vote majority now. they look like fools and are just wasting time...... ....8 dems totally control the u.s. senate. many great republican bills will never pass like kate s law and complete healthcare. get smart! if the senate democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute. they are laughing at r s. make change! after seven years of talking repeal & replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding obamacare! if a new healthcare bill is not approved quickly bailouts for insurance companies and bailouts for members of congress will end very soon! u.s. stock market up almost 20 since election! unless the republican senators are total quitters repeal & replace is not dead! demand another vote before voting on any other bill! i love reading about all of the geniuses who were so instrumental in my election success. problem is most don t exist. #fake news! maga. i am very disappointed in china. our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet... ...they do nothing for us with north korea just talk. we will no longer allow this to continue. china could easily solve this problem! don t give up republican senators the world is watching: repeal & replace...and go to 51 votes nuke option get cross state lines & more. if obamacare is hurting people & it is why shouldn t it hurt the insurance companies & why should congress not be paying what public pays? highest stock market ever best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure s.c.: no wh chaos! a great day at the white house! stock market could hit all-time high again 22000 today. was 18000 only 6 months ago on election day. mainstream media seldom mentions! corporations have never made as much money as they are making now. thank you stuart varney @foxandfriends jobs are starting to roarwatch! only the fake news media and trump enemies want me to stop using social media 110 million people . only way for me to get the truth out! small business owners are the dreamers & innovators who are powering us into the future!read more and watch here:. it was my great honor to pay tribute to a vet who went above & beyond the call of duty to protect our comrades our country & our freedom! why the rust belt just gave donald trump a hero s welcome. i campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects u.s. workers & taxpayers. watch: #raiseact. i love the white house one of the most beautiful buildings homes i have ever seen. but fake news said i called it a dump - totally untrue. business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels. stock market at an all-time high. that doesn t just happen! i am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations. much work left to do but effect will be great! business & jobs will grow. our relationship with russia is at an all-time & very dangerous low. you can thank congress the same people that can t even give us hcare! see you tonight huntington west virginia!#makeamericagreatagaintickets:. today i announced another historic breakthrough for the va. we are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our great veterans! #usa. our great veterans can now connect w their va healthcare team from anywhere using #vavideoconnect - available at:. just arrived in west virginia for a make america great again rally in huntington at 7:00pme. massive crowd expected - tune in! #maga. thank you west virginia! all across the country americans of every kind are coming together w one simple goal: to make america great again! toyota & mazda to build a new 1.6b plant here in the u.s.a. and create 4k new american jobs. a great investment in american manufacturing! ....and don t forget that foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant plants in wisconsin. consumer confidence is at a 16 year high....and for good reason. much more regulation busting to come. working hard on tax cuts & reform! west virginia was incredible last night. crowds and enthusiasm were beyond gdp at 3 wow!dem governor became a republican last night. excellent jobs numbers just released - and i have only just begun. many job stifling regulations continue to fall. movement back to usa! no matter the mission the brave men & women of our @uscg proudly answer the call to serve 24 7 365. thank you and happy birthday! #cg227. great work being done by @fema @dhsgov w state & local leaders to prepare for hurricane season. preparedness is an investment in our future! prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting america workers and families first. #americafirst. under trump gains against #isis have dramatically accelerated. working in bedminster n.j. as long planned construction is being done at the white house. this is not a vacation - meetings and calls! the united nations security council just voted 15-0 to sanction north korea. china and russia voted with us. very big financial impact! after many years of leaks going on in washington it is great to see the a.g. taking action! for national security the tougher the better! thank you nicole! united nations resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on north korea. over one billion dollars in cost to n.k. make america great again! the fake news refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: s.c. surging economy & jobsborder & military securityisis & ms-13 etc. just completed call with president moon of south korea. very happy and impressed with 15-0 united nations vote on north korea sanctions. the failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win apologized is totally inept! the trump base is far bigger & stronger than ever before despite some phony fake news polling . look at rallies in penn iowa ohio....... ...and west virginia. the fact is the fake news russian collusion story record stock market border security military strength jobs..... ... supreme court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation & so much more have driven the trump base even closer together. will never change! hard to believe that with 24 7 #fake news on cnn abc nbc cbs nytimes & wapo the trump base is getting stronger! working hard from new jersey while white house goes through long planned renovation. going to new york next week for more meetings. interesting to watch senator richard blumenthal of connecticut talking about hoax russian collusion when he was a phony vietnam con artist! never in u.s.history has anyone lied or defrauded voters like senator richard blumenthal. he told stories about his vietnam battles and.... ...conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie. he cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child. now he judges collusion? on #purpleheartdayi thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this great nation! #usa. the fake news media will not talk about the importance of the united nations security council s 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on n. korea! how much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability and non-existent sources remain in business? i think senator blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there. i will be holding a major briefing on the opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 p.m. in bedminster n.j. after many years of failurecountries are coming together to finally address the dangers posed by north korea. we must be tough & decisive! e-mails show that the amazonwashingtonpost and the failingnewyorktimes were reluctant to cover the clinton lynch secret meeting in plane. after 200 days rarely has any administration achieved what we have achieved..not even close! don t believe the fake news suppression polls! senator luther strange has done a great job representing the people of the great state of alabama. he has my complete and total endorsement! my first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. it is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.... ...hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world! senator mitch mcconnell said i had excessive expectations but i don t think so. after 7 years of hearing repeal & replace why not done? #godblesstheusa. can you believe that mitch mcconnell who has screamed repeal & replace for 7 years couldn t get it done. must repeal & replace obamacare! mitch get back to work and put repeal & replace tax reform & cuts and a great infrastructure bill on my desk for signing. you can do it! .@ivankatrump will lead the u.s. delegation to india this fall supporting womens entrepreneurship globally.#ges2017 @narendramodi. trump approval rebounds to 45 surges among hispanics union homes men. military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould north korea act unwisely. hopefully kim jong un will find another path! we want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are.... consumer comfort reaches 16-year high on u.s. economic optimism via bloomberg. as promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for americans to gain skills needed to succeed & thrive as the economy grows! press conference - following national security briefing in bedminster new jersey. we all must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. there is no place for this kind of violence in america. lets come together as one! am in bedminster for meetings & press conference on v.a. & all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but charlottesville sad! join me live from bedminster new jersey:. what is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives.#charlottesville. we must remember this truth: no matter our color creed religion or political party we are all americans first. we will continue to follow developments in charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed. we are ready willing and able. deepest condolences to the families & fellow officers of the va state police who died today. you re all among the best this nation produces. condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in charlottesville virginia. so sad! heading to washington this morning. much work to do. focus on trade and military. #maga. luther strange of the great state of alabama has my endorsement. he is strong on border & wall the military tax cuts & law enforcement. the obstructionist democrats have given us or not fixed some of the worst trade deals in world history. i am changing that fast! now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned from president s manufacturing councilhe will have more time to lower ripoff drug prices! .@merck pharma is a leader in higher & higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the u.s. bring jobs back & lower prices! big day in washington d.c. even though white house & oval office are being renovated. great trade deals coming for american workers! leaving for new york city and meetings on military purchases and trade. made additional remarks on charlottesville and realize once again that the #fake news media will never be satisfied...truly bad people! feels good to be home after seven months but the white house is very special there is no place like it... and the u.s. is really my home! senator luther strange who is doing a great job for the people of alabama will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15. tough on crime borders etc. @foxandfriends according to report just out president obama knew about russian interference 3 years ago but he didn t want to anger russia! big day in alabama. vote for luther strange he will be great! for every ceo that drops out of the manufacturing council i have many to take their place. grandstanders should not have gone on. jobs! amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers. towns cities and states throughout the u.s. are being hurt - many jobs being lost! congratulation to roy moore and luther strange for being the final two and heading into a september runoff in alabama. exciting race! congratulations john! kim jong un of north korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision. the alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable! make america great again! wow senator luther strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement. now in september runoff. strong on wall & crime! memorial service today for beautiful and incredible heather heyer a truly special young woman. she will be long remembered by all! rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the manufacturing council & strategy & policy forum i am ending both. thank you all! just landed in bedminster new jersey. #maga. today in bedminster i signed the harry w. colmery veterans educational assistance act of 2017 joined by @deptvetaffairs @secshulkin. join me at 7:00 p.m. on tuesday august 22nd in phoenix arizona at the phoenix convention center! tickets at:. thank you @mayorgimenez for following the rule of law! sanctuary cities make our country less safe! full remarks:. publicity seeking lindsey graham falsely stated that i said there is moral equivalency between the kkk neo-nazis & white supremacists...... ...and people like ms. heyer. such a disgusting lie. he just can t forget his election trouncing.the people of south carolina will remember! the public is learning even more so how dishonest the fake news is. they totally misrepresent what i say about hate bigotry etc. shame! great to see that dr. kelli ward is running against flake jeff flake who is weak on borders crime and a non-factor in senate. he s toxic! many meetings today in bedminster including with secretary linda m and small business. job numbers are looking great! sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments. you..... ...can t change history but you can learn from it. robert e lee stonewall jackson - who s next washington jefferson? so foolish! also... ...the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced! the united states condemns the terror attack in barcelona spain and will do whatever is necessary to help. be tough & strong we love you! study what general pershing of the united states did to terrorists when caught. there was no more radical islamic terror for 35 years! homeland security and law enforcement are on alert & closely watching for any sign of trouble. our borders are far tougher than ever before! the obstructionist democrats make security for our country very difficult. they use the courts and associated delay at all times. must stop! radical islamic terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! the courts must give us back our protective rights. have to be tough! heading to camp david for major meeting on national security the border and the military which we are rapidly building to strongest ever . i have directed that u.s. cyber command be elevated to the status of a unified combatant command focused on....cont:. just returned to bedminster nj from camp david. great meeting on national security the border and the military! #maga. today i signed the global war on terrorism war memorial act #hr873. the bill authorizes....cont. my thoughts and prayers are with the @kissimmeepolice and their loved ones. we are with you!#lesm. i want to thank steve bannon for his service. he came to the campaign during my run against crooked hillary clinton - it was great! thanks s. important day spent at camp david with our very talented generals and military leaders. many decisions made including on afghanistan. steve bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @breitbartnews...maybe even better than ever before. fake news needs the competition! looks like many anti-police agitators in boston. police are looking tough and smart! thank you. great job by all law enforcement officers and boston mayor @marty walsh. our great country has been divided for decades. sometimes you need protest in order to heel & we will heel & be stronger than ever before! our great country has been divided for decades. sometimes you need protest in order to heal & we will heal & be stronger than ever before! i want to applaud the many protestors in boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate. our country will soon come together as one! heading back to washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest fake news reporting i have ever seen! thoughts & prayers are w our @usnavy sailors aboard the #ussjohnsmccain where search & rescue efforts are underway. jerry falwell of liberty university was fantastic on @foxandfriends. the fake news should listen to what he had to say. thanks jerry! thank you the very dishonest fake news media is out of control! join me live from fort myer in arlington virginia. thank you to the men and women of fort myer and every member of the u.s. military at home and abroad. #usa. address to the nationfull video & transcript:. was with great people last night in fort myer virginia. the future of our country is strong! we pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @usnavy aboard the #ussjohnsmccain and their families. see you at 7:00 p.m. tonight phoenix arizona! #magatickets:. we will push onward to victory w hope in our hearts courage in our souls & everlasting pride in each & every one of you. god bless america. thank you to all of the great men and women at the u.s. customs and border protection facility in yuma arizona & around the united states! thank you arizona. beautiful turnout of 15000 in phoenix tonight! full coverage of rally via my facebook at:. not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our streets! #draintheswamp #phoenixrally. make america great again! phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house. i love the great state of arizona. not a fan of jeff flake weak on crime & border! last night in phoenix i read the things from my statements on charlottesville that the fake news media didn t cover fairly. people got it! if republican senate doesn t get rid of the filibuster rule & go to a simple majority which the dems would do they are just wasting time! as long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to conquer! #alconv2017. a great honor to sign the veterans appeals improvement & modernization act into law w @americanlegion @secshulkin. donald e. ballard on behalf of the people of the united states thank you for your courageous service. you inspire us all! #alconv2017. i requested that mitch m & paul r tie the debt ceiling legislation into the popular v.a. bill which just passed for easy approval. they... ...didn t do it so now we have a big deal with dems holding them up as usual on debt ceiling approval. could have been so easy-now a mess! the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well their was afghanistan somber the big rally..... ... enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion - v.a. respectful and strong .to bad the dems have no one who can change tones! the fake news is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches. well there was afghanistan somber the big rally..... ... enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion - v.a. respectful and strong . to bad the dems have no one who can change tones! james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump. will he show you his beautiful letter to me? .. enthusiastic dynamic and fun and the american legion - v.a. respectful and strong . too bad the dems have no one who can change tones! james clapper who famously got caught lying to congress is now an authority on donald trump. will he show you his beautiful letter to me? the only problem i have with mitch mcconnell is that after hearing repeal & replace for 7 years he failed!that should never have happened! on tuesday i visited with the incredible men & women of @icegov & @dhsgov border patrol in yuma az. thank you. we respect & cherish you! as #hurricaneharvey intensifies - remember to #planahead. a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma. thank you for your service to the united staes of america! a great honor to spend time with our brave heroes at the @usmc air station yuma. thank you for your service to the united states of america! if senate republicans don t get rid of the filibuster rule and go to a 51 majority few bills will be passed. 8 dems control the senate! general john kelly is doing a fantastic job as chief of staff. there is tremendous spirit and talent in the w.h. don t believe the fake news. few if any administrations have done more in just 7 months than the trump a. bills passed regulations killed border military isis sc! nick adams retaking america best things of this presidency aren t reported about. convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever. strange statement by bob corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in 18. tennessee not happy! i have spoken w @govabbott of texas and @louisianagov edwards. closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey developments & here to assist as needed. received a #hurricaneharvey briefing this morning from acting @dhsgov secretary elaine duke @fema brock @tombossert45 and cos john kelly. i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneharvey to heed the advice & orders of their local and state officials. just arrived at camp david where i am closely watching the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a category 3. be safe! just arrived at camp david where i am monitoring the path and doings of hurricane harvey as it strengthens to a class 3 . 125 mph winds! storm turned hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected. federal government is on site and ready to respond. be safe! at the request of the governor of texas i have signed the disaster proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help! i am pleased to inform you that i have just granted a full pardon to 85 year old american patriot sheriff joe arpaio. he kept arizona safe! we will remain fully engaged w open lines of communication as #hurricaneharvey makes landfall. america is w you! @govabbott @fema @dhsgov. you are doing a great job - the world is watching! be safe. .@chuckgrassley - got your message loud and clear. we have fantastic people on the ground got there long before #harvey. so far so good! closely monitoring #hurricaneharvey from camp david. we are leaving nothing to chance. city state and federal govs. working great together! thank you to all of the great volunteers helping out with #hurricaneharvey relief in texas! wonderful coordination between federal state and local governments in the great state of texas - teamwork! record setting rainfall. a great book by a great guy highly recommended! great coordination between agencies at all levels of government. continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with. thousands rescued. many people are now saying that this is the worst storm hurricane they have ever seen. good news is that we have great talent on the ground. i will be going to texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption. the focus must be life and safety. i will also be going to a wonderful state missouri that i won by a lot in 16. dem c.m. is opposed to big tax cuts. republican will win s! wow - now experts are calling #harvey a once in 500 year flood! we have an all out effort going and going well! with mexico being one of the highest crime nations in the world we must have the wall. mexico will pay for it through reimbursement other. we are in the nafta worst trade deal ever made renegotiation process with mexico & canada.both being very difficultmay have to terminate? going to a cabinet meeting tele-conference at 11:00 a.m. on #harvey. even experts have said they ve never seen one like this! major rescue operations underway! historic rainfall in houston and all over texas. floods are unprecedented and more rain coming. spirit of the people is incredible.thanks! leaving now for texas! .@foxandfriends we are not looking to fill all of those positions. don t need many of them - reduce size of government. @ingrahamangle. the u.s. has been talking to north korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years. talking is not the answer! after witnessing first hand the horror & devastation caused by hurricane harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of texas! after reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder why? all i want to do is #maga! will be leaving for missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed! texas & louisiana: we are w you today we are w you tomorrow & we will be w you every single day after to restore recover & rebuild! first responders have been doing heroic work. their courage & devotion has saved countless lives they represent the very best of america! thank you to all of the incredible heroes in texas. america is with you! #texasstrong. texas is heeling fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. but still so much to do. will be back tomorrow! wow looks like james comey exonerated hillary clinton long before the investigation was over...and so much more. a rigged system! general john kelly is doing a great job as chief of staff. i could not be happier or more impressed - and this administration continues to.. ...get things done at a record clip. many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks. america first! texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men & women who have been working so hard. but still so much to do. will be back tomorrow! president donald j. trump proclaims september 3 2017 as a national day of prayer #hurricaneharvey #prayfortexas. stock market up 5 months in a row! i will be going to texas and louisiana tomorrow with first lady. great progress being made! spending weekend working at white house. on behalf of @flotus melania & myself thank you for today s update & great work! #southernbaptist @sendrelief @redcross & @salvationarmyus. departing for texas and louisiana with @flotus melania right now @jba nafw. we will see you soon. america is with you! texas: we are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you every single day after to restore recover and rebuild! together we will prevail in the great state of texas. we love you!god bless texas & god bless the usa. the manufacturing index rose to 59 the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better! just got back to the white house from the great states of texas and louisiana where things are going well. such cooperation & coordination! remember sunday is national prayer day by presidential proclamation ! so much spirit in la! thank you to all of our hereos who saved many lives. an honor to spend time w @nationalguard #leos & the #cajunnavy! north korea has conducted a major nuclear test. their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the united states..... ..north korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to china which is trying to help but with little success. south korea is finding as i have told them that their talk of appeasement with north korea will not work they only understand one thing! i will be meeting general kelly general mattis and other military leaders at the white house to discuss north korea. thank you. the united states is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with north korea. we are building our future with american hands american labor american iron aluminum and steel. happy #laborday! big week coming up! congress get ready to do your job - daca! i am allowing japan & south korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the united states. i look forward to working w d s r s in congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st. congress now has 6 months to legalize daca something the obama administration was unable to do . if they can t i will revisit this issue! will be going to north dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts. we are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change. watching hurricane closely. my team which has done and is doing such a good job in texas is already in florida. no rest for the weary! hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the atlantic! president donald j. trump approves emergency declarations. just spoke w governors rick scott of florida kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands & ricardo rossell of puerto rico. we are w you all! wonderful to be in north dakota with the incredible hardworking men & women @ the andeavor refinery. full remarks:. thank you for joining me in mandan nd gov. @dougburgum lt. gov. @brentsanfordnd @senjohnhoeven @repkevincramer & @senatorheitkamp. if we want to renew our prosperity restore opportunity & re-establish our economic dominance then we need tax reform that is pro-growth.. we want our companies to hire & grow in america to raise wages for american workers & to help rebuild our american cities & towns! #usa. hurricane irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help. be careful be safe! #fema. thank you our great honor! for all of those daca that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - no action! welcome to the @whitehouse amir sabah al-ahmed al-jaber al-sabah of kuwait! joint press conference coming up soon:. together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are no match for the blessings of prosperity and peace! during my trip to saudi arabia i spoke to the leaders of more than 50 arab & muslim nations about the need to confront our shared enemies.. i encourage everyone in the path of #hurricaneirma to heed the advice and orders of local & state officials! we will confront any challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water. im proud to stand with presidents for #oneamericaappeal. hurricane irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen. be safe and get out of its wayif possible. federal g is ready! our incredible u.s. coast guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with harvey. irma could be even tougher. we love our coast guard! republicans sorry but i ve been hearing about repeal & replace for 7 years didn t happen! even worse the senate filibuster rule will.... ...never allow the republicans to pass even great legislation. 8 dems control - will rarely get 60 vs. 51 votes. it is a repub death wish! republicans must start the tax reform tax cut legislation asap. don t wait until the end of september. needed now more than ever. hurry! a message to my fellow americans#irmahurricane2017. churches in texas should be entitled to reimbursement from fema relief funds for helping victims of hurricane harvey just like others . florida- visit to find shelters road closures & evacuation routes. helpful twitter list:. this is a storm of enormous destructive power and i ask everyone in the storms path to heed all instructions from government officials. heed the advice of @flgovscott! if you re in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelter...there s not many hours left. gov. scott. the u.s. coast guard fema and all federal and state brave people are ready. here comes irma. god bless everyone! #neverforget. may god forever bless the united states of america. #neverforget911. fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me & have zero access. #fake news! the devastation left by hurricane irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard! congratulations to eric & lara on the birth of their son eric luke trump this morning! it was a great honor to welcome prime minister najib abdul razak of malaysia and his distinguished delegation to the @whitehouse today! the approval process for the biggest tax cut & tax reform package in the history of our country will soon begin. move fast congress! i will be traveling to florida tomorrow to meet with our great coast guard fema and many of the brave first responders & others. with irma and harvey devastation tax cuts and tax reform is needed more than ever before. go congress go! china has a business tax rate of 15 . we should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy. jobs and wages! crooked hillary clinton blames everybody and every thing but herself for her election loss. she lost the debates and lost her direction! the deplorables came back to haunt hillary.they expressed their feelings loud and clear. she spent big money but in the end had no game! no deal was made last night on daca. massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent. would be subject to vote. the wall which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built. does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? really!..... ...they have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age. plus big border security. am leaving now for florida to see our great first responders and to thank the u.s. coast guard fema etc. a real disaster much work to do! just left florida for d.c. the people and spirit in that great state is unbelievable. damage horrific but will be better than ever! spoke to president of mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake. unable to reach for 3 days b c of his cell phone reception at site. bernie sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the u.s. & its people... ...i told republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen. but don t worry i will veto because i love our country & its people. we are with you florida!emergency information 1-800-342-3557 1-800-fl-help-1. florida-just like tx we are w you today we are w you tomorrow & we will be w you every single day after to restore recover & rebuild! with the ridiculous filibuster rule in the senate republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51. can t get votes end now! another attack in london by a loser terrorist.these are sick and demented people who were in the sights of scotland yard. must be proactive! loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher manner.the internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off & use better! the travel ban into the united states should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct! we have made more progress in the last nine months against isis than the obama administration has made in 8 years.must be proactive & nasty! espn is paying a really big price for its politics and bad programming . people are dumping it in record numbers. apologize for untruth! chain migration cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on immigration! weekly address. frank fx giaccio-on behalf of @flotus melania & myself thank you for doing a great job this morning! @natlparkservice gives you an a ! never forget our heroes held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country.proclamation:. our hearts & prayers go out to the people of london who suffered a vicious terrorist attack.... we will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of life...cont:. happy 70th birthday to the @usairforce! the american people are eternally grateful. thank you for keeping america proud strong and free! a great deal of good things happening for our country. jobs and stock market at all time highs and i believe will be getting even better! attorney general bill shuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan. i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help! i will be in huntsville alabama on saturday night to support luther strange for senate. big luther is a great guy who gets things done! attorney general bill schuette will be a fantastic governor for the great state of michigan. i am bringing back your jobs and bill will help. i spoke with president moon of south korea last night. asked him how rocket man is doing. long gas lines forming in north korea. too bad! thank you! my great honor! important meetings and calls scheduled for today. military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it. #maga. happy 70th birthday @usairforce! happy 70th birthday @cia! we commend sg @antonioguterres & his call for the un to focus more on people & less on bureaucracy. #usaatunga #unga. looking forward to meeting with prime minister @netanyahu shortly. peace in the middle east would be a truly great legacy for all people! such an honor to have my good friend israel pm @netanyahu join us w his delegation in nyc this afternoon. #unga. it was a great honor to be with president @emmanuelmacron of france this afternoon with his delegation. great bilateral meeting! #unga. we call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in venezuela and we want it to happen very very soon! #usaatunga #unga. big day at the united nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening. we have a great team. big speech at 10:00 a.m. thehas great strength & patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but to totally destroy #noko. as president of the united states of america i will always put #americafirst#ungafull remarks:. god bless the people of mexico city. we are with you and will be there for you. it was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the united nations.#usaatunga#unga. the true question for the @un... puerto rico being hit hard by new monster hurricane. be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help! a great and important day at the united nations.met with leaders of many nations who agree with much or all of what i stated in my speech! so nice thank you! i was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the emmys last night - the worst ever. smartest people of them all are the deplorables. thank you jacob! big meetings today at the united nations. so many interesting leaders. america first will make america great again! after allowing north korea to research and build nukes while secretary of state bill c also crooked hillary now criticizes. the world is noticing thanks! thank you @foxandfriends - great show! rand paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare. graham-cassidy bill is great! ends ocare! i hope republican senators will vote for graham-cassidy and fulfill their promise to repeal & replace obamacare. money direct to states! looking forward to friday night in the great state of alabama. i am supporting big luther strange because he was so loyal & helpful to me! it was a great honor to be with king abdullah ii of jordan and his delegation this morning. we had a great bilateral meeting! honored to meet w pres abbas from the palestinian authority & his delegation who have been working hard w everybody involved toward peace. honored to host a luncheon for african leaders this afternoon. great discussions on the challenges & opportunities facing our nations today. on behalf of all americans i want to wish jewish families many blessings in the new year. alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like big luther strange. smart tough on crime borders & trade loves vets & military. tuesday! i would not sign graham-cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions. it does! a great bill. repeal & replace. the nra strongly endorses luther strange for senator of alabama.that means all gun owners should vote for big luther. he won t let you down! senator doctor bill cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their health care he doesn t lie-just wants to help people! governor @ricardorossello- we are with you and the people of puerto rico. stay safe! #prstrong. it was a pleasure to have president ashraf ghani of afghanistan with us this morning! #usaatunga #unga. it was wonderful to have president petro poroshenko of ukraine with us in new york city today. #unga. it was a great privilege to meet with president moon of south korea.stay tuned! #unga. today i announced a new executive order with re: to north korea. we must all do our part to ensure the complete denuclearization of #noko. senator luther strange has gone up a lot in the polls since i endorsed him a month ago. now a close runoff. he will be great in d.c. a big day for the u.s. at the united nations! rand paul or whoever votes against hcare bill will forever future political campaigns be known as the republican who saved obamacare. kim jong un of north korea who is obviously a madman who doesn t mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before! thank you! the russia hoax continues now it s ads on facebook. what about the totally biased and dishonest media coverage in favor of crooked hillary? the greatest influence over our election was the fake news media screaming for crooked hillary clinton. next she was a bad candidate! will be in alabama tonight. luther strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close. he loves alabama and so do i! #usaatunga#unga. thank you to doug parker and american airlines for all of the help you have given to the u.s. with hurricane flights. fantastic job! heading to alabama now big crowd! john mccain never had any intention of voting for this bill which his governor loves. he campaigned on repeal & replace. let arizona down! arizona had a 116 increase in obamacare premiums last year with deductibles very high. chuck schumer sold john mccain a bill of goods. sad. large block grants to states is a good thing to do. better control & management. great for arizona. mccain let his best friend l.g. down! i know rand paul and i think he may find a way to get there for the good of the party! alaska had a 200 plus increase in premiums under obamacare worst in the country. deductibles high people angry! lisa m comes through. it was great being with luther strange last night in alabama. what great people what a crowd! vote luther on tuesday. going to the white house is considered a great honor for a championship team.stephen curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn! if a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the nflor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect.... ...our great american flag or country and should stand for the national anthem. if not you re fired. find something else to do! very proud of our incredible first lady @flotus. she is a truly great representative for our country! iran just test-fired a ballistic missile capable of reaching israel.they are also working with north korea.not much of an agreement we have! democrats are laughingly saying that mccain had a moment of courage. tell that to the people of arizona who were deceived. 116 increase! roger goodell of nfl just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country.tell them to stand! just heard foreign minister of north korea speak at u.n. if he echoes thoughts of little rocket man they won t be around much longer! if nfl fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our flag & country you will see change take place fast. fire or suspend! ...nfl attendance and ratings are way down. boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country. league should back u.s. great solidarity for our national anthem and for our country. standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable. bad ratings! please to inform that the champion pittsburgh penguins of the nhl will be joining me at the white house for ceremony. great team! courageous patriots have fought and died for our great american flag --- we must honor and respect it! make america great again! alaska arizona maine and kentucky are big winners in the healthcare proposal. 7 years of repeal & replace and some senators not there. sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their national anthem or their country. nfl should change policy! making america safe is my number one priority. we will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet. so proud of nascar and its supporters and fans. they won t put up with disrespecting our country or our flag - they said it loud and clear! many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday which was a small percentage of total . these are fans who demand respect for our flag! the issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. it is about respect for our country flag and national anthem. nfl must respect this! the white house never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night. important meetings taking place today. big tax cuts & reform. #standforouranthem. .@cnn is #fakenews. just reported cos john kelly was opposed to my stance on nfl players disrespecting flag anthem country. total lie! general john kelly totally agrees w my stance on nfl players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our flag or great country! tremendous backlash against the nfl and its players for disrespect of our country.#standforouranthem. texas & florida are doing great but puerto rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt is in deep trouble.. ...it s old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated. much of the island was destroyed with billions of dollars.... ...owed to wall street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with. food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well. #fema. a few of the many clips of john mccain talking about repealing & replacing o care. my oh my has he changed-complete turn from years of talk! big election tomorrow in the great state of alabama. vote for senator luther strange tough on crime & border - will never let you down! ratings for nfl football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected! the booing at the nfl football game last night when the entire dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest i have ever heard. great anger. ...but while dallas dropped to it knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being made - we love our country! but while dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our national anthem. big progress being made-we all love our country! luther strange has been shooting up in the alabama polls since my endorsement. finish the job - vote today for big luther. great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of otto warmbier: 1994 - 2017. otto was tortured beyond belief by north korea. thank you to carmen yulin cruz the mayor of san juan for your kind words on fema etc.we are working hard. much food and water there on way. the nfl has all sorts of rules and regulations. the only way out for them is to set a rule that you can t kneel during our national anthem! alabama get out and vote for luther strange - he has proven to me that he will never let you down! #maga. honored to welcome republican and democrat members of the house ways and means committee to the white house today! #usa. heading over to the @un to meet with ambassador @nikkihaley and all of her great representatives! #usa. america s hearts & prayers are with the people of #puertorico & the #usvi. we will get through this - and we will get through this together! i want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in spain last month. it was an honor to welcome president @marianorajoy of spain. thank you for standing w us in our efforts to isolate the brutal #noko regime. thank you to our wonderful team @usun and their families. keep up the great work! #usa. 70 years ago today the national security council met for the first time. great history of advising presidents-then & now! thanks nsc staff! even usain bolt from jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed respect for our national anthem! congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back & ran a good race. roy win in nov! congratulations to roy moore on his republican primary win in alabama. luther strange started way back & ran a good race. roy win in dec! spoke to roy moore of alabama last night for the first time. sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. he will help to #maga! spoke to jerry jones of the dallas cowboys yesterday. jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done. players will stand for country! with one yes vote in hospital & very positive signs from alaska and two others mccain is out we have the hcare vote but not for friday! we will have the votes for healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of friday after which we need 60. get rid of filibuster rule! facebook was always anti-trump.the networks were always anti-trump hencefake news @nytimes apologized & @wapo were anti-trump. collusion? ..but the people were pro-trump! virtually no president has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring. just arrived in indianapolis indiana to make an announcement on #taxreform! together we are going to make america great again! this is the right tax cut @ the right time. we will all succeed & grow together as one team one people & one american family. #taxreform. it is time to take care of our people to rebuild our nation and to fight for our great american workers! #taxreform #usa. democrats don t want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? great reviews for tax cut and reform bill. the electric power grid in puerto rico is totally shot. large numbers of generators are now on island. food and water on site. welcome back @stevescalise!#teamscalise. fema & first responders are doing a great job in puerto rico. massive food & water delivered. docks & electric grid dead. locals trying.... ...really hard to help but many have lost their homes. military is now on site and i will be there tuesday. wish press would treat fairly! puerto rico is devastated. phone system electric grid many roads gone. fema and first responders are amazing. governor said great job! gdp was revised upward to 3.1 for last quarter. many people thought it would be years before that happened. we have just begun! puerto rico governor ricardo rossello just stated: the administration and the president every time we ve spoken they ve delivered...... ...the fact is that puerto rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes. big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding! thank you to fema our great military & all first responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin puerto rico. see you tuesday! record high for s & p 500! this week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nations classrooms with the jobs of the future. thank you @shopfloornam. an honor to be with you today. great news! manufacturers report record-high economic optimism in 2017. #taxreform. my thoughts are with all those observing yom kippur the holiest day of the jewish year. join me for my #weeklyaddress. @impdnews @potus thank you to the amazing indianapolis metropolitan police department and all law enforcement officers for all you do 24 7 365! #lesm. the mayor of san juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the democrats that you must be nasty to trump. ...such poor leadership ability by the mayor of san juan and others in puerto rico who are not able to get their workers to help. they.... ...want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort. 10000 federal workers now on island doing a fantastic job. the military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc. have done an amazing job. puerto rico was totally destroyed. fake news cnn and nbc are going out of their way to disparage our great first responders as a way to get trump. not fair to fr or effort! i will be going to puerto rico on tuesday with melania. will hopefully be able to stop at the u.s. virgin islands people working hard . the fake news networks are working overtime in puerto rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first r s. shame! despite the fake news media in conjunction with the dems an amazing job is being done in puerto rico. great people! the governor of puerto rico ricardo rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard. thank you ricky! just spoke to governor kenneth mapp of the u.s. virgin islands who stated that #fema and military are doing a great job! thank you governor! congresswoman jennifer gonzalez-colon of puerto rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people. thank you! to the people of puerto rico:do not believe the #fakenews!#prstrong. my administration governor @ricardorossello and many others are working together to help the people of puerto rico in every way... @ricardorossello ......#fakenews critics are working overtime but we re getting great marks from the people that truly matter! #prstrong. we must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in puerto rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster. results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by san juan mayor. doing everything we can to help great people of pr! i will be in pr on tues. to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist & support the people in their time of great need. very important that nfl players stand tomorrow and always for the playing of our national anthem. respect our flag and our country! because of #fakenews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job. as seen here they are all doing a great job! in analyzing the alabama primary race fake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after election! in analyzing the alabama primary racefake news always fails to mention that the candidate i endorsed went up many points after endorsement! 19000 respecting our national anthem! #standforouranthem. we have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in puerto rico. outside of the fake news or politically motivated ingrates... ...people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by fema and our great military. all buildings now inspected..... ...for safety. thank you to the governor of p.r. and to all of those who are working so closely with our first responders. fantastic job! i told rex tillerson our wonderful secretary of state that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with little rocket man... ...save your energy rex we ll do what has to be done! being nice to rocket man hasn t worked in 25 years why would it work now? clinton failed bush failed and obama failed. i won t fail. congratulations to #teamusaon your great @presidentscup victory! my warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible las vegas shooting. god bless you! i am so proud of our great country. god bless america! leaving puerto rico now for d.c. will be in las vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects. everyone is in my thoughts and prayers. great meeting with governor mapp of the #usvi. he is very thankful for the great job done by @fema and first responders. so proud of @fema military and first responders! thank you! it is a miracle how fast the las vegas metropolitan police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing! my administration will continue to work around the clock with governor @ricardorossello & his team. great progress being made! #prstrong. a great day in puerto rico yesterday. while some of the news coverage is fake most showed great warmth and friendship. wow so many fake news stories today. no matter what i do or say they will not write or speak truth. the fake news media is out of control! nbc news is #fakenews and more dishonest than even cnn. they are a disgrace to good reporting. no wonder their news ratings are way down! the @nbcnews story has just been totally refuted by sec. tillerson and @vp pence. it is #fakenews. they should issue an apology to america! i will be landing in las vegas shortly to pay my respects with @flotus melania. everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers. we love you las vegas! on behalf of a grateful nation thank you to all of the first responders heroes who saved countless lives in las vegas on sunday night. so wonderful to be in las vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who i will never forget! thank you! why isn t the senate intel committee looking into the fake news networks in our country to see why so much of our news is just made up-fake! stock market hits an all-time high! unemployment lowest in 16 years! business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades! rex tillerson never threatened to resign. this is fake news put out by @nbcnews. low news and reporting standards. no verification from me. ralph northamwho is running for governor of virginiais fighting for the violent ms-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. vote ed gillespie! can t believe i finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost. it discusses the enthusiasm of trump voters through campaign.... ...contributions. the rnc is taking in far more s than the dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors. i am working hard for them! late night host are dealing with the democrats for their very unfunny & repetitive material always anti-trump! should we get equal time? more and more people are suggesting that republicans and me should be given equal time on t.v. when you look at the one-sided coverage? i called chuck schumer yesterday to see if the dems want to do a great healthcare bill. obamacare is badly broken big premiums. who knows! .@nbcnews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting. the good news is that the people get it which is really all that matters! not #1. our great team at @fema is prepared for #hurricanenate. everyone in la ms al and fl please listen to your local authorities & be safe! will be joining @govmikehuckabee tonight at 8pme on @tbn. enjoy! presidents and their administrations have been talking to north korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid...... ...hasn t worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of u.s. negotiators. sorry but only one thing will work! thanks for your support! leaving the white house for the great state of north carolina. big progress being made on many fronts! #lasvegasstrong #usa. senator bob corker begged me to endorse him for re-election in tennessee. i said no and he dropped out said he could not win without... ..my endorsement . he also wanted to be secretary of state i said no thanks. he is also largely responsible for the horrendous iran deal! ...hence i would fully expect corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda. didn t have the guts to run! i asked @vp pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country. i am proud of him and @secondlady karen. fema and first responders are working hard yet again on hurricane nate. military helping. very much under control! bob corker gave us the iran deal & that s about it. we need healthcare we need tax cuts reform we need people that can get the job done! nobody could have done what ive done for #puertorico with so little appreciation. so much work! the republican party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by trump supporters..... @nypost thank you! our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with north korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars & getting nothing. policy didn t work! the trip by @vp pence was long planned. he is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country! president donald j. trump proclaims october 9 2017 as #columbusday. a big salute to jerry jones owner of the dallas cowboys who will bench players who disrespect our flag. stand for anthem or sit for game! we have just begun! why is the nfl getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our anthem flag and country? change tax law! the problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the democrats don t want secure bordersthey don t care about safety for u.s.a. since congress can t get its act together on healthcare i will be using the power of the pen to give great healthcare to many people - fast. with jemele hill at the mike it is no wonder espn ratings have tanked in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry! highly respected author christopher bedford just came out with book the art of the donald lessons from america s.... really good book! the failing @nytimes set liddle bob corker up by recording his conversation. was made to sound a fool and that s what i am dealing with! my great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back #stanleycup champion pittsburgh penguins at the wh with @flotus today! the fake news is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people i know general john kelly by saying he will soon be..... ...fired. this story is totally made up by the dishonest media.the chief is doing a fantastic job for me and more importantly for the usa! stock market has increased by 5.2 trillion dollars since the election on november 8th a 25 increase. lowest unemployment in 16 years and.. ...if congress gives us the massive tax cuts and reform i am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds. #maga. it would be really nice if the fake news media would report the virtually unprecedented stock market growth since the election.need tax cuts. the democrats want massive tax increases & soft crime producing borders.the republicans want the biggest tax cut in history & the wall! it is about time that roger goodell of the nfl is finally demanding that all players stand for our great national anthem-respect our country. fake @nbcnews made up a story that i wanted a tenfold increase in our u.s. nuclear arsenal. pure fiction made up to demean. nbc cnn! with all of the fake news coming out of nbc and the networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their license? bad for country! happy to announce we are awarding 1m to las vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working ot to respond to last sundays tragedy. join me live at 5:45pme from harrisburg pennsylvania! #taxreform #usa. i will be interviewed tonight on @foxnews by @seanhannity at 9pme. enjoy! we need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america. joining @seanhannity tonight at 9pme on @foxnews. enjoy! network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked. not fair to public! in even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love. #usa. clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now. have a great day! puerto rico survived the hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making. says sharyl attkisson. a total lack of..... ...accountability say the governor. electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes. congress to decide how much to spend.... ...we cannot keep fema the military & the first responders who have been amazing under the most difficult circumstances in p.r. forever! the fake news is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! such hatred! the time has come to take action to improve access increase choices and lower costs for healthcare! we need a tax system that is fair to working families & that encourages companies to stay in america grow in america and hire in america! happy #nationalfarmersday! people are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting fakenews @nbcnews is. viewers beware. may be worse than even @cnn! it is time to take care of our country to rebuild our communities and to protect our great american workers! #taxreform. the democrats obamacare is imploding. massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped. dems should call me to fix! sadly they and others are fake news and the public is just beginning to figure it out! obamacare is a broken mess. piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving america the great healthcare it deserves! hard to believe that the democrats who have gone so far left that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for sanctuary crime. the wonderful people of puerto rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the h s. i will always be with them! i have no greater privilege than to serve as your commander-in-chief. happy birthday to the incredible men and women @usnavy!#242navybday. in america we don t worship government - we worship god. #valuesvoterssummit. consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004. today i announced our strategy to confront the iranian regimes hostile actions and to ensure that they never acquire a nuclear weapon. #weeklyaddress. starting to develop a much better relationship with pakistan and its leaders. i want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts. many people talking with much agreement on my iran speech today. participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with iran! money pouring into insurance companies profits under the guise of obamacare is over. they have made a fortune.dems must get smart & deal! obamacare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many. it is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums & deductibles are way up! such a wonderful statement from the great @loudobbs. we take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern american history. health insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the obamacare years plunged yesterday after i ended their dems windfall! very proud of my executive order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for healthcare. millions of people benefit! the democrats in the southwest part of virginia have been abandoned by their party. republican ed gillespie will never let you down! the failing @nytimes in a story by peter baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of tpp & the paris accord & the fast.... ...approvals of the keystone xl & dakota access pipelines. also look at the recent epa cancelations & our great new supreme court justice! art laffer just said that he doesn t know how a democrat could vote against the big tax cut reform bill and live with themselves! @foxnews. the democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct. that s all they are good at! dem senator schumer hated the iran deal made by president obama but now that i am involved he is ok with it. tell that to israel chuck! since election day on november 8 the stock market is up more than 25 unemployment is at a 17 year low & companies are coming back to u.s. the u.s. has gained more than 5.2 trillion dollars in stock market value since election day! also record business enthusiasm. i was recently asked if crooked hillary clinton is going to run in 2020? my answer was i hope so! always great to see the wonderful people of south carolina. thank you for the beautiful welcome at greenville-spartanburg int l airport! rep.tom marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. tom is a fine man and a great congressman! dow passes 23000 for the first time fueled by strong earnings #dow23k. join me live from the rose garden at 1:30pme with prime minister alexis tsipras of greece. it was my great honor to welcome prime minister alexis tsipras of greece to the wh today! so much fake news being put in dying magazines and newspapers. only place worse may be @nbcnews @cbsnews @abc and @cnn. fiction writers! any increase in obamacare premiums is the fault of the democrats for giving us a product that never had a chance of working. border wall prototypes underway! wow! thank you @heritage! this is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry & renew the american dream! the most important truth our founders understood was: freedom is not a gift from govt. freedom is a gift from god. wow fbi confirms report that james comey drafted letter exonerating crooked hillary clinton long before investigation was complete. many.. ...people not interviewed including clinton herself. comey stated under oath that he didn t do this-obviously a fix? where is justice dept? the democrats will only vote for tax increases. hopefully all senate republicans will vote for the largest tax cuts in u.s. history. as it has turned out james comey lied and leaked and totally protected hillary clinton. he was the best thing that ever happened to her! the nfl has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our national anthem. total disrespect for our great country! democrat congresswoman totally fabricated what i said to the wife of a soldier who died in action and i have proof . sad! i am supportive of lamar as a person & also of the process but i can never support bailing out ins co s who have made a fortune w o care. the current tax code is a burden on american taxpayers & harmful to job-creators. americans need #taxreform! more:. our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in california. god bless our brave first responders and @fema team. we support you! it was an honor to welcome republican and democratic members of the senate finance committee to the @whitehouse today. #taxreform. iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other limits.. amb. @nikkihaley. .@nfl: too much talk not enough action. stand for the national anthem. this is what real pride in our country is all about! #usa. 200002100022000 23000this year...four one thousand milestones this year... #dow23k #maga. .@danaperino & @bradthorthank you so much for the wonderful compliment. working hard! #maga. 46 of americans think the media is inventing stories about trump & his administration. @foxnews it is actually much worse than this! republicans are going for the big budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts. i think we have the votes but who knows? uranium deal to russia with clinton help and obama administration knowledge is the biggest story that fake media doesn t want to follow! workers of firm involved with the discredited and fake dossier take the 5th. who paid for it russia the fbi or the dems or all ? .@foxandfriends russia sent millions to clinton foundation. it was great to have governor @ricardorossello of #puertoricowith us at the @whitehouse today. we are with you! #prstrong. keep up the great work. i am with you 100 ! isis is losing its grip... army colonel ryan dilloncjtfoir. the fake news is going crazy with wacky congresswoman wilson d who was secretly on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content! big ratings getter @seanhannity and apprentice champion john rich are right now going on stage in las vegas for #vegasstrong. great show! great news on the 2018 budget @senatemajldr mcconnell - first step toward delivering massive tax cuts for the american people! #taxreform. the budget passed late last night 51 to 49. we got zero democrat votes with only rand paul he will vote for tax cuts voting against..... ....this now allows for the passage of large scale tax cuts and reform which will be the biggest in the history of our country! just out report: united kingdom crime rises 13 annually amid spread of radical islamic terror. not good we must keep america safe! thank you @geraldorivera @foxandfriends. agree! today it was an honor to have @unsecretary-general @antonioguterres at the @whitehouse. speaking for the u.s.a. we appreciate all you do! this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the american people! join me today:. great book just out a place called heaven by dr. robert jeffress - a wonderful man! budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in u.s. history - msm barely covered! i hope the fake news media keeps talking about wacky congresswoman wilson in that she as a representative is killing the democrat party! subject to the receipt of further information i will be allowing as president the long blocked and classified jfk files to be opened. people get what is going on! stock market hits another all time high on friday. 5.3 trillion dollars up since election. fake news doesn t spent much time on this! trump hails liberation of raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-isis campaign. officials behind the now discredited dossier plead the fifth. justice department and or fbi should immediately release who paid for it. keep hearing about tiny amount of money spent on facebook ads. what about the billions of dollars of fake news on cnn abc nbc & cbs? crooked hillary clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on presidential election than i did. facebook was on her side not mine! just out but lightly reported: fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm u.s. job market lowest since march 1973. @bpolitics. i agree getting tax cuts approved is important we will also get healthcare but perhaps no administration has done more in its first..... ...9 months than this administration. over 50 legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security.... ...2nd amendment strong military isis historic va improvement supreme court justice record stock market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs! doing interview today with maria bartiromo at 10:00 a.m. on @foxnews - enjoy! wacky congresswoman wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the republican party a disaster for dems. you watch her in action & vote r! it is finally sinking through. 46 of people believe major national news orgs fabricate stories about me. fake news even worse! lost cred. there will be no change to your 401 k . this has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays! two dozen nfl players continue to kneel during the national anthem showing total disrespect to our flag & country. no leadership in nfl! i had a very respectful conversation with the widow of sgt. la david johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation! we will never forget the 241 american service members killed by hizballah in beirut. they died in service to our nation. bob corker who helped president o give us the bad iran deal & couldn t get elected dog catcher in tennessee is now fighting tax cuts.... ...corker dropped out of the race in tennesse when i refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything trump. look at his record! isn t it sad that lightweight senator bob corker who couldn t get re-elected in the great state of tennessee will now fight tax cuts plus! sen. corker is the incompetent head of the foreign relations committee & look how poorly the u.s. has done. he doesn t have a clue as..... ...the entire world was laughing and taking advantage of us. people like liddle bob corker have set the u.s. way back. now we move forward! stock market just hit another record high! jobs looking very good. president donald j. trump proclaims october 24 2017 as united nations day read more:. so nice being with republican senators today. multiple standing ovations! most are great people who want big tax cuts and success for u.s. clinton campaign & dnc paid for research that led to the anti-trump fake news dossier. the victim here is the president. @foxnews. the reason flake and corker dropped out of the senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected. now act so hurt & wounded! the meeting with republican senators yesterday outside of flake and corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for usa! working hard on the biggest tax cut in u.s. history. great support from so many sides. big winners will be the middle class business & jobs. jeff flake with an 18 approval rating in arizona said a lot of my colleagues have spoken out. really they just gave me a standing o! make america great again! congrats to @reince priebus a really good and talented man. were proud of you reince! just interviewed by @loudobbs. will be aired tonight at 7pme on @foxbusiness. #dobbs. spoke to president xi of china to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation. also discussed noko & trade two very important subjects! melania and i look forward to being with president xi & madame peng liyuan in china in two weeks for what will hopefully be a historic trip! the long anticipated release of the #jfkfiles will take place tomorrow. so interesting! texas @govabbott & lt. gov. @danpatrickthank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in tx. keep up the great work! interview with @loudobbs coming up at 7pme on @foxbusiness. enjoy! this will be the biggest tax cut in the history of our country - and we need it! #taxreform read more:. together we will make america great again!#americafirst. will be another sean success! ed gillespie will turn the really bad virginia economy # s around and fast. strong on crime he might even save our great statues heritage! ed gillespie will be a great governor of virginia. his opponent doesn t even show up to meetings work and will be very weak on crime! do not underestimate the unity within the republican party! big news - budget just passed! effective today my administration officially declared the #opioidcrisis a national public health emergency under federal law. working together we will defeat this #opioidepidemic & free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse. wacky & totally unhinged tom steyer who has been fighting me and my make america great again agenda from beginning never wins elections! thank you @foxandfriends. really great job and show! congratulations to @speakerryan @gopleader @stevescalise and to the republican party on budget passage yesterday. now for biggest tax cuts. good luck to @joy villa on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics. she has many fans! happy birthday to the great @leegreenwood83. you and your beautiful song have made such a difference. make america great again! jfk files are being carefully released. in the end there will be great transparency. it is my hope to get just about everything to public! happy birthday to the great @theleegreenwood. you and your beautiful song have made such a difference. make america great again! it is now commonly agreed after many months of costly looking that there was no collusion between russia and trump. was collusion with hc! thank you @flgovscott. diane black of tennessee the highly respected house budget committee chairwoman did a great job in passing budget setting up big tax cuts. we are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through leadership and love. .@foxnews chris wallace: more evidence of dem collusion with russia than gop. people are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the fed will be.... happy birthday @theleegreenwood!#flashbackfriday. #jfkfiles. what happenedhow team hillary played the press for fools on russia we know! very little reporting about the great gdp numbers announced yesterday 3.0 despite the big hurricane hits . best consecutive q s in years! just read the nice remarks by president jimmy carter about me and how badly i am treated by the press fake news . thank you mr. president! today is national prescription drug take back day. everyone can help fight the #opioidepidemic by participating! after strict consultation with general kelly the cia and other agencies i will be releasing all #jfkfiles other than the names and... ...addresses of any mentioned person who is still living. i am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and... ...in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest. happy #firstrespondersday to all of our heroes out there. we are forever grateful to you for your service sacrifice and courage 24 7 365! while not at all presidential i must point out that the sloppy michael moore show on broadway was a total bomb and was forced to close. sad! jfk files are released long ahead of schedule! as usual the obamacare premiums will be up the dems own it but we will repeal & replace and have great healthcare soon after tax cuts! never seen such republican anger & unity as i have concerning the lack of investigation on clinton made fake dossier now 12000000? .... ...the uranium to russia deal the 33000 plus deleted emails the comey fix and so much more. instead they look at phony trump russia.... ... collusion which doesn t exist. the dems are using this terrible and bad for our country witch hunt for evil politics but the r s... ...are now fighting back like never before. there is so much guilt by democrats clinton and now the facts are pouring out. do something! all of this russia talk right when the republicans are making their big push for historic tax cuts & reform. is this coincidental? not! report out that obama campaign paid 972000 to fusion gps. the firm also got 12400000 really? from dnc. nobody knows who ok d! great job by michaelcaputo on @foxandfriends. sorry but this is years ago before paul manafort was part of the trump campaign. but why aren t crooked hillary & the dems the focus????? ....also there is no collusion! the fake news is working overtime. as paul manaforts lawyer said there was no collusion and events mentioned took place long before he... ....came to the campaign. few people knew the young low level volunteer named george who has already proven to be a liar. check the dems! i hope people will start to focus on our massive tax cuts for business jobs and the middle class in addition to democrat corruption ! the biggest story yesterday the one that has the dems in a dither is podesta running from his firm. what he know about crooked dems is.... ....earth shattering. he and his brother could drain the swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled. fake news weak! statement by president trump on the apprehension of mustafa al-imam for his alleged role in benghazi attacks. thank you @luisriveramarin! wishing everyone a safe and happy halloween!#halloween2017. consumer confidence hits highest level since december 2000 read more:. home prices reach new all-time highs in august read more:. u.s. coal productionup7.8 past year. down31.5 last 10 years. #endingwaroncoal. in nyc looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person. law enforcement is following this closely. not in the u.s.a.! we must not allow isis to return or enter our country after defeating them in the middle east and elsewhere. enough! my thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the new york city terrorist attack. god and your country are with you! the republican house members are working hard and late toward the massive tax cuts that they know you deserve. these will be biggest ever! i have just ordered homeland security to step up our already extreme vetting program. being politically correct is fine but not for this! the terrorist came into our country through what is called the diversity visa lottery program a chuck schumer beauty. i want merit based. we are fighting hard for merit based immigration no more democrat lottery systems. we must get much tougher and smarter . @foxandfriends. senator chuck schumer helping to import europes problems said col.tony shaffer. we will stop this craziness! @foxandfriends. #nycstrong #usa. wouldn t it be great to repeal the very unfair and unpopular individual mandate in obamacare and use those savings for further tax cuts..... ....for the middle class. the house and senate should consider asap as the process of final approval moves along. push biggest tax cuts ever. we mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in nyc. all of america is praying and grieving for the families who lost their precious loved ones. just spoke with @nygovcuomo and @nycmayor de blasio to let them know that the federal government... @nygovcuomo @nycmayor ...fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the west side attack. #nycstrong. thank you to the great nypd first responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible west side attack so professionally! thanks to @senatemajldr mcconnell and the @senategop we are appointing high-quality federal district... @senatemajldr @senategop ...and appeals court judges at a record clip! our courts are rapidly changing for the better! chain migration must end now! some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly evil. not acceptable! just spoke to president macri of argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the west side terror attack. god be with them! the united states will be immediately implementing much tougher extreme vetting procedures. the safety of our citizens comes first! it is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! happy birthday to @garyplayer a truly great champion and person! great mtg w @cabinet today. tomorrow i will be announcing the new head of the fed. i think you will be extremely impressed by this person! nyc terrorist was happy as he asked to hang isis flag in his hospital room. he killed 8 people badly injured 12. should get death penalty! would love to send the nyc terrorist to guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the federal system... ...there is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed. should move fast. death penalty! congratulations to the houston @astros 2017 #worldseries champions#houstonstrong #earnhistory. i am calling on congress to terminate the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities to our national security. congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is security based! we need to make america safe! #usa. today we are thrilled to welcome @broadcom ceo hock tan to the wh to announce he is moving their hqs from singapore back to the u.s.a..... broadcom s move to america 20 billion of annual rev into u.s.a. 3 billion yr. in research engineering & 6 billion yr. in manufacturing. today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of jerome powell to be the next chairman of the @federalreserve. great tax cut rollout today. the lobbyists are storming capital hill but the republicans will hold strong and do what is right for america! donna brazile just stated the dnc rigged the system to illegally steal the primary from bernie sanders. bought and paid for by crooked h.... ....this is real collusion and dishonesty. major violation of campaign finance laws and money laundering - where is our justice department? the @tuckercarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great fbi was so sad to watch. james comey s leadership was a disaster! i will be interviewed by @ingrahamangle on @foxnews at 10:00. enjoy! my twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee. i guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact. everybody is asking why the justice department and fbi isn t looking into all of the dishonesty going on with crooked hillary & the dems.. ...new donna b book says she paid for and stole the dem primary. what about the deleted e-mails uranium podesta the server plus plus... ....people are angry. at some point the justice department and the fbi must do what is right and proper. the american public deserves it! the real story on collusion is in donna b s new book. crooked hillary bought the dnc & then stole the democratic primary from crazy bernie! pocahontas just stated that the democrats lead by the legendary crooked hillary clinton rigged the primaries! lets go fbi & justice dept. isis just claimed the degenerate animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the west side was their soldier. ..... ...based on that the military has hit isis much harder over the last two days. they will pay a big price for every attack on us! bernie sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the dem primary by crooked hillary! i always felt i would be running and winning against bernie sanders not crooked h without cheating i was right. just took off for ceremony @ pearl harbor. will then be heading to japan skorea china vietnam & the philippines. will never let you down! the rigged dem primary one of the biggest political stories in years got zero coverage on fake news network tv last night. disgraceful! jobs jobs jobs! the decision on sergeant bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our country and to our military. getting ready to land in hawaii. looking so much forward to meeting with our great military veterans at pearl harbor! thank you for such a beautiful welcome hawaii. my great honor to visit @pacificcommand upon arrival. heading to pearl harbor w @flotus now. thank you to our great military veterans and @pacificcommand.remember #pearlharbor. remember the @ussarizona!a day ill never forget. unemployment is down to 4.1 lowest in 17 years. 1.5 million new jobs created since i took office. highest stock market ever up 5.4 trill. would very much appreciate saudi arabia doing their ipo of aramco with the new york stock exchange. important to the united states! i am landing shortly. cant wait to be with our great military. see you soon! just gave a speech to the great men and women at yokota air base in tokyo japan. leaving to see prime minister abe. playing golf with prime minister abe and hideki matsuyama two wonderful people! it was a true honor to be at yokota air base with our great @usforcesjapan! heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy. may god be w the people of sutherland springs texas. the fbi & law enforcement are on the scene. i am monitoring the situation from japan. ...americans do what we do best: we pull together. we join hands. we lock arms and through the tears and the sadness we stand strong... #usa #japan. the state of virginia economy under democrat rule has been terrible. if you vote ed gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back! my visit to japan and friendship with pm abe will yield many benefits for our great country. massive military & energy orders happening ! getting ready to leave for south korea and meetings with president moon a fine gentleman. we will figure it all out! i have great confidence in king salman and the crown prince of saudi arabia they know exactly what they are doing.... ....some of those they are harshly treating have been milking their country for years! it was my great honor to have lunch with our incredible u.s. and rok troops at camp humphreys in south korea. thank you to president moon of south korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony. it will always be remembered. stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday. there is great confidence in the moves that my administration.... ....is making. working very hard on tax cuts for the middle class companies and jobs! ralph northam will allow crime to be rampant in virginia. hes weak on crime weak on our great vets anti-second amendment.... ....and has been horrible on virginia economy. vote @edwgillespie today! .@edwgillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of va. ms-13 and crime will be gone. vote today asap! franklin such a great photo. happy 99th birthday to your father @billygraham! thank you to all americans who participated in nat l rx drug take back day. a record amount of drugs collected & disposed. we can do this! getting ready to make a major speech to the national assembly here in south korea then will be headed to china where i very much look forward to meeting with president xi who is just off his great political victory. ed gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what i stand for. dont forget republicans won 4 out of 4 house seats and with the economy doing record numbers we will continue to win even bigger than before! join me live in south korea#nationalassembly #potusinasia. the u.s. under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they re spending hundreds of billions of dollars to the newest and finest military equipment anywhere in the world being built right now. i want peace through strength! the north korean regime has pursued its nuclear & ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreement & commmitment it has made to the u.s. and its allies. it s broken all of those commitments... anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the u.s. should look to our past....and you will doubt it no longer. together we dream of a korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! leaving south korea now heading to china. looking very much forward to meeting and being with president xi! on behalf of @flotus melania and i thank you for an unforgettableafternoon and eveningat theforbidden city in beijing president xi and madame peng liyuan. we are looking forward to rejoining you tomorrow morning! noko has interpreted america s past restraint as weakness. this would be a fatal miscalculation. do not underestimate us. and do not try us. looking forward to a full day of meetings with president xi and our delegations tomorrow. thank you for the beautiful welcome china! @flotus melania and i will never forget it! congratulations to all of the deplorables and the millions of people who gave us a massive 304-227 electoral college landslide victory! president xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony. it was a truly memorable and impressive display! in the coming months and years ahead i look forward to building an even stronger relationship between the united states and china. i dont blame china i blame the incompetence of past admins for allowing china to take advantage of the u.s. on trade leading up to a point where the u.s. is losing 100 s of billions. how can you blame china for taking advantage of people that had no clue? i would ve done same! my meetings with president xi jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of north korea. he is a highly respected and powerful representative of his people. it was great being with him and madame peng liyuan! i am leaving china for #apec2017 in vietnam. @flotus melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the great wall of china before going to alaska to greet our amazing troops. just landed in da nang vietnam to deliver a speech at #apec2017. throughout my travels i ve had the pleasure of sharing the good news from america. i ve had the honor of sharing our vision for a free & open indo-pacific -- a place where sovereign & independent nations w diverse cultures & many different dreams can all prosper side-by-side. in more and more places throughout this region citizens of sovereign and independent nations have taken greater control of their destinies and unlocked the potential of their people. #apec2017. today i am here to offer a renewed partnership with america -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendship and commerce between all of the nations of the indo-pacific and together to promote our prosperity and security. #apec2017. the united states is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial commerce that is in the interests of both your countries and mine. that is the message i am here to deliver today. #apec2017. the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security -economic security is national security. it is vital to our national strength. #apec2017. the united states has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely related to national security - economic security is national security. it is vital to our national strength. #apec2017. on behalf of an entire nation happy 242nd birthday to the men and women of the united states marines!#usmc242 #semperfi. on this wonderful veterans day i want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire american nation to our great veterans. thank you! presidential proclamation commemorating the 50th anniversary of the vietnam war. president xi of china has stated that he is upping the sanctions against #noko. said he wants them to denuclearize. progress is being made. will be doing a joint press conference in hanoi vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the phillipines. met with president putin of russia who was at #apec meetings. good discussions on syria. hope for his help to solve along with china the dangerous north korea crisis. progress being made. when will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with russia is a good thing not a bad thing. there always playing politics - bad for our country. i want to solve north korea syria ukraine terrorism and russia can greatly help! does the fake news media remember when crooked hillary clinton as secretary of state was begging russia to be our friend with the misspelled reset button? obama tried also but he had zero chemistry with putin. why would kim jong-un insult me by calling me old when i would never call him short and fat? oh well i try so hard to be his friend - and maybe someday that will happen! just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam! just landed in the philippines after a great day of meetings and events in hanoi vietnam! we had a wonderful visit to vietnam thank you president tran dai quang! heading to the #aseansummit 50th anniv gala in the philippines now. thank you! great day of bilateral meetings at #aseansummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our country! will be leaving the philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs & work in order to #maga! my promises are rapidly being fulfilled. happy to announce i am nominating alex azar to be the next hhs secretary. he will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices! i am proud of the rep. house & senate for working so hard on cutting taxes & reform. were getting close! now how about ending the unfair & highly unpopular indiv mandate in ocare & reducing taxes even further? cut top rate to 35 w all of the rest going to middle income cuts? excited to be heading home to see the house pass a great tax bill with the middle class getting big tax cuts!#makeamericagreatagain. great to see @randpaul looking well and back on the senate floor. he will help us with tax cuts and reform! after my tour of asia all countries dealing with us on trade know that the rules have changed. the united states has to be treated fairly and in a reciprocal fashion. the massive trade deficits must go down quickly! just arrived at #asean50 in the philippines for my final stop with world leaders. will lead to fair trade deals unlike the horror shows from past administrations. will then be leaving for d.c. made many good friends! i will be making a major statement from the @whitehouse upon my return to d.c. time and date to be set. one of the most accurate polls last time around. but #fakenews likes to say were in the 30s. they are wrong. some people think numbers could be in the 50 s. together we will make america great again! thank you to the amazing staff and their families of the united states embassy in the philippines. keep up the great work! thank you asia! #usa. may god be with the people of sutherland springs texas. the fbi and law enforcement has arrived. just returned from asia after 12 very successful days. great to be home! our great country is respected again in asia. you will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come! .@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to asia and the friendships & benefits that will endure for years to come! while in the philippines i was forced to watch @cnn which i have not done in months and again realized how bad and fake it is. loser! thank you working hard! thank you! do you think the three ucla basketball players will say thank you president trump? they were headed for 10 years in jail! the failing @nytimes hates the fact that i have developed a great relationship with world leaders like xi jinping president of china..... ...they should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing. the u.s. is being respected again. watch trade! it is actually hard to believe how naive or dumb the failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policy...weak and ineffective! why are democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business jobs ? the reason: obstruction and delay! big vote tomorrow in the house. tax cuts are getting close! to the three ucla basketball players i say: you re welcome go out and give a big thank you to president xi jinping of china who made..... ....your release possible and have a great life! be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life! china is sending an envoy and delegation to north korea - a big move we ll see what happens! need all on the un security council to vote to renew the joint investigative mechanism for syria to ensure that assad regime does not commit mass murder with chemical weapons ever again. congratulations to the house of representatives for passing the #taxcutsandjobsact a big step toward fulfilling our promise to deliver historic tax cuts for the american people by the end of the year! big win today in the house for gop tax cuts and reform 227-205. zero dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military! the al frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words. where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 & 6 while she sleeps? ..... .and to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women. lesley stahl tape? great numbers on stocks and the economy. if we get tax cuts and reform we ll really see some great results! if democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into bill! together we re going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we re going to destroy the vile criminal cartel #ms13 and many other gangs... hundreds arrested in ms-13 crackdown. today it was an honor to celebrate the collegiate national champions of 2016 2017 at the @whitehouse! #ncaachampionsphotos:. put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as i review all conservation facts. under study for years. will update soon with secretary zinke. thank you! crooked hillary clinton is the worst and biggest loser of all time. she just cant stop which is so good for the republican party. hillary get on with your life and give it another try in three years! now that the three basketball players are out of china and saved from years in jail lavar ball the father of liangelo is unaccepting of what i did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. i should have left them in jail! sen. jeff flake y who is unelectable in the great state of arizona quit race anemic polls was caught purposely on mike saying bad things about your favorite president. hell be a no on tax cuts because his political career anyway is toast. shoplifting is a very big deal in china as it should be 5-10 years in jail but not to father lavar. should have gotten his son out during my next trip to china instead. china told them why they were released. very ungrateful! big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horror show in any way helps conservation of elephants or any other animal. border patrol officer killed at southern border another badly hurt. we will seek out and bring to justice those responsible. we will and must build the wall! republican senators are working very hard to get tax cuts and tax reform approved. hopefully it will not be long and they do not want to disappoint the american public! marshawn lynch of the nfls oakland raiders stands for the mexican anthem and sits down to boos for our national anthem. great disrespect! next time nfl should suspend him for remainder of season. attendance and ratings way down. under president trump unemployment rate will drop below 4 . analysts predict economic boom for 2018! @foxandfriends and @varneyco. president donald j. trump and @flotus melania participate in the pardoning of the national thanksgiving turkey at the white house. today we continued a wonderful american tradition at the white house. drumstick and wishbone will live out their days in the beautiful blue ridge mountains at gobblers rest... it wasnt the white house it wasnt the state department it wasnt father lavars so-called people on the ground in china that got his son out of a long term prison sentence - it was me. too bad! lavar is just a poor mans version of don king but without the hair. just think.. ...lavar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during thanksgiving with your son in china but no nba contract to support you. but remember lavar shoplifting is not a little thing. its a really big deal especially in china. ungrateful fool! the nfl is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the locker room during the national anthem next season. thats almost as bad as kneeling! when will the highly paid commissioner finally get tough and smart? this issue is killing your league!..... another crooked hillary fan! will be having meetings and working the phones from the winter white house in florida mar-a-lago . stock market hit new record high yesterday - 5.5 trillion gain since e. many companies coming back to the u.s. military building up and getting very strong. the @usnavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash. we are monitoring the situation. prayers for all involved. 51 million american to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years aaa . traffic and airports are running very smoothly! @foxnews. i have long given the order to help argentina with the search and rescue mission of their missing submarine. 45 people aboard and not much time left. may god be with them and the people of argentina! ....and it will get even better with tax cuts! happy thanksgiving your country is starting to do really well. jobs coming back highest stock market ever military getting really strong we will build the wall v.a. taking care of our vets great supreme court justice record cut in regs lowest unemployment in 17 years....! @theplumlinegs make america great again! make america great again! will be doing a live thanksgiving video teleconference with members of the military at 9:00 a.m. afghanistan iraq uss monterey turkey & bahrain. then going to coast guard quarters florida. happy thanksgiving! my great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @uscg at the lake worth inlet station in riviera beach florida today!#happythanksgiving. obamacare premiums are going up up up just as i have been predicting for two years. obamacare is owned by the democrats and it is a disaster. but do not worry. even though the dems want to obstruct we will repeal & replace right after tax cuts! a great guy with great ratings ! two great people! can you believe that the disrespect for our country our flag our anthem continues without penalty to the players. the commissioner has lost control of the hemorrhaging league. players are the boss! will be speaking to president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that i inherited in the middle east. i will get it all done but what a mistake in lives and dollars 6 trillion to be there in the first place! after turkey call i will be heading over to trump national golf club jupiter to play golf quickly with tiger woods and dustin johnson. then back to mar-a-lago for talks on bringing even more jobs and companies back to the usa! horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in egypt. the world cannot tolerate terrorism we must defeat them militarily and discredit the extremist ideology that forms the basis of their existence! will be calling the president of egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss of life. we have to get tougher and smarter than ever before and we will. need the wall need the ban! god bless the people of egypt. time magazine called to say that i was probably going to be named man person of the year like last year but i would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. i said probably is no good and took a pass. thanks anyway! happy #smallbusinesssaturday!a great day to support your community and americas job creators by shopping locally at a #smallbiz. #shopsmall. the consumer financial protection bureau or cfpb has been a total disaster as run by the previous administrations pick. financial institutions have been devastated and unable to properly serve the public. we will bring it back to life! check out the recent editorial in the wall street journal @wsj about what a complete disaster the @cfpb has been under its leader from previous administration who just quit! .@foxnews is much more important in the united states than cnn but outside of the u.s. cnn international is still a major source of fake news and they represent our nation to the world very poorly. the outside world does not see the truth from them! wow even i didnt realize we did so much. wish the fake news would report! thank you. the last thing we need in alabama and the u.s. senate is a schumer pelosi puppet who is weak on crime weak on the border bad for our military and our great vets bad for our 2nd amendment and wants to raises taxes to the sky. jones would be a disaster! i endorsed luther strange in the alabama primary. he shot way up in the polls but it wasnt enough. cant let schumer pelosi win this race. liberal jones would be bad! since the first day i took office all you hear is the phony democrat excuse for losing the election russia russiarussia. despite this i have the economy booming and have possibly done more than any 10 month president. make america great again! back in d.c. big week for tax cuts and many other things of great importance to our country. senate republicans will hopefully come through for all of us. the tax cut bill is getting better and better. the end result will be great for all! we should have a contest as to which of the networks plus cnn and not including fox is the most dishonest corrupt and or distorted in its political coverage of your favorite president me . they are all bad. winner to receive the fake news trophy! the good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! the tax cut bill is coming along very well great support. with just a few changes some mathematical the middle class and job producers can get even more in actual dollars and savings and the pass through provision becomes simpler and really works well! new home sales reach a 10 year high. stock market has more record gains. hopefully republican senators will give us the much needed tax cuts to keep it all going! democrats want big tax increases. thank you rand! at least 24 players kneeling this weekend at nfl stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up. the american public is fed up with the disrespect the nfl is paying to our country our flag and our national anthem. weak and out of control! melania our great and very hard working first lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that if you run you will win. she would tell everyone that no doubt he will win. i also felt i would win or i would not have run - and country is doing great! meeting with chuck and nancy today about keeping government open and working. problem is they want illegal immigrants flooding into our country unchecked are weak on crime and want to substantially raise taxes. i dont see a deal! statement from president donald j. trump on #givingtuesday. remarks from the roosevelt room with @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell @speakerryan and secretary of defense general james mattis. dow s&p 500 and nasdaq all finished the day at new record highs! the conference board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in november. the consumer confidence index rose from 126.2 in october to 129.5 notching its best reading since december 2000... after north korea missile launch it s more important than ever to fund our gov t & military! dems shouldn t hold troop funding hostage for amnesty & illegal immigration. i ran on stopping illegal immigration and won big. they can t now threaten a shutdown to get their demands. charles mccullough the respected fmr intel comm inspector general said public was misled on crooked hillary emails. emails endangered national security. why arent our deep state authorities looking at this? rigged & corrupt? @tuckercarlson @seanhannity. just won the lawsuit on leadership of consumer financial protection bureau cfpb. a big win for the consumer! great work ivanka! great day for tax cuts and the republican party. but the biggest winner will be our great country! .@foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! great and we should boycott fake news cnn. dealing with them is a total waste of time! looks like another great day for the stock market. consumer confidence is at record high. i guess somebody likes me my policies ! wow matt lauer was just fired from nbc for inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace. but when will the top executives at nbc & comcast be fired for putting out so much fake news. check out andy lacks past! so now tha matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate! so now that matt lauer is gone when will the fake news practitioners at nbc be terminating the contract of phil griffin? and will they terminate low ratings joe scarborough based on the unsolved mystery that took place in florida years ago? investigate! just spoke to president xi jinping of china concerning the provocative actions of north korea. additional major sanctions will be imposed on north korea today. this situation will be handled! economy growing! excluding hurricane effects cea estimates that real gdp growth would have been 3.9 in q3.stock market at a new high unemployment at a low. we are winning and tax cuts will shift our economy into high gear! departing @jba nafw for st. charles missouri to help push our plan for historic tax cuts across the finish line.a successful vote in the senate this week will bring us one giant step closer to delivering an incredible victory for the american people! this week the senate can join the house & take a strong stand for the middle class families who are the backbone of america. together we will give the american people a big beautiful christmas present-a massive tax cut that lets americans keep more of their hard-earned money! a vote to cut taxes is a vote to put america first. it is time to take care of our workers to protect our communities and to rebuild our great country! now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to restore american prosperity and reclaim americas destiny.but in order to achieve this bright and glowing future the senate must pass tax cuts and bring main street roaring back to life! theresa @theresamay dont focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom. we are doing just fine! .@theresa may dont focus on me focus on the destructive radical islamic terrorism that is taking place within the united kingdom. we are doing just fine! the house of representatives seeks contempt citations ? against the justicedepartment and the fbi for withholding key documents and an fbi witness which could shed light on surveillance of associates of donald trump. big stuff. deep state. give this information now! @foxnews. the only people who dont like the tax cut bill are the people that dont understand it or the obstructionist democrats that know how really good it is and do not want the credit and success to go to the republicans! had the information crooked hillarys emails been released there would have been harm to national security.... charles mcculloughfmr intel comm inspector general. funny to hear the democrats talking about the national debt when president obama doubled it in only 8 years! the failing @nytimes the pipe organ for the democrat party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to our massive tax cut bill. they are wrong so often that now i know we have a winner! the failing @nytimes has totally gone against the social media guidelines that they installed to preserve some credibility after many of their biased reporters went rogue! @foxandfriends. the chinese envoy who just returned from north korea seems to have had no impact on little rocket man. hard to believe his people and the military put up with living in such horrible conditions. russia and china condemned the launch. stock market hits new record high. confidence and enthusiasm abound. more great numbers coming out! the dow just broke 24000 for the first time another all-time record . if the dems had won the presidential election the market would be down 50 from these levels and consumer confidence which is also at an all-time high would be low and glum! thank you @senorrinhatch. lets continue making america great again! today it was my great honor to meet with the crown prince of bahrain at the @whitehouse. bahrain and the united states are important partners.during the crown princes visit he is advancing 9 billion in commercial deals including finalizing the purchase of f-16s... our fifth 1k milestone of 2017!#dow24k #maga. today is a day that ive been looking very much forward to all year long. it is one that you have heard me speak about many times before. now as president of the united states it is my tremendous honor to finally wish america and the world a very merry christmas! the christmas story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift of allthe gift of gods love for all of humanity.whatever our beliefs we know that the birth of jesus christ and the story of his life... a disgraceful verdict in the kate steinle case! no wonder the people of our country are so angry with illegal immigration. the kate steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected obama border always committing crimes and being violent and yet this info was not used in court. his exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. build the wall! the jury was not told the killer of kate was a 7 time felon. the schumer pelosi democrats are so weak on crime that they will pay a big price in the 2018 and 2020 elections. republicans senators are working hard to pass the biggest tax cuts in the history of our country. the bill is getting better and better. this is a once in a generation chance. obstructionist dems trying to block because they think it is too good and will not be given the credit! the media has been speculating that i fired rex tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - fake news! hes not leaving and while we disagree on certain subjects i call the final shots we work well together and america is highly respected again! economists on the tax cuts and jobs act:the enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corporate tax rate - will ignite our economy with levels of growth not seen in generations... we are one step closer to delivering massive tax cuts for working families across america. special thanks to @senatemajldr mitch mcconnell and chairman @senorrinhatch for shepherding our bill through the senate. look forward to signing a final bill before christmas! biggest tax bill and tax cuts in history just passed in the senate. now these great republicans will be going for final passage. thank you to house and senate republicans for your hard work and commitment! i had to fire general flynn because he lied to the vice president and the fbi. he has pled guilty to those lies. it is a shame because his actions during the transition were lawful. there was nothing to hide! 62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in montgomery alabama uttered one word that changed history... great job first lady melania! so general flynn lies to the fbi and his life is destroyed while crooked hillary clinton on that now famous fbi holiday interrogation with no swearing in and no recording lies many times...and nothing happens to her? rigged system or just a double standard? many people in our country are asking what the justice department is going to do about the fact that totally crooked hillary after receiving a subpoena from the united states congress deleted and acid washed 33000 emails? no justice! congratulations to @abc news for suspending brian ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the russia russia russia witch hunt. more networks and papers should do the same with their fake news! i never asked comey to stop investigating flynn. just more fake news covering another comey lie! such a total miscarriage of justice in san francisco! tainted no very dishonest? fbi agents role in clinton probe under review. led clinton email probe. @foxandfriends clinton money going to wife of another fbi agent in charge. after years of comey with the phony and dishonest clinton investigation and more running the fbi its reputation is in tatters - worst in history! but fear not we will bring it back to greatness. people who lost money when the stock market went down 350 points based on the false and dishonest reporting of brian ross of @abc news he has been suspended should consider hiring a lawyer and suing abc for the damages this bad reporting has caused - many millions of dollars! report: anti-trump fbi agent led clinton email probe now it all starts to make sense! democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive tax cuts is why we need republican roy moore to win in alabama. we need his vote on stopping crime illegal immigration border wall military pro life v.a. judges 2nd amendment and more. no to jones a pelosi schumer puppet! putting pelosi schumer liberal puppet jones into office in alabama would hurt our great republican agenda of low on taxes tough on crime strong on military and borders...& so much more. look at your 401-ks since election. highest stock market ever! jobs are roaring back! with the great vote on cutting taxes this could be a big day for the stock market - and you! a must watch: legal scholar alan dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to the greatest witch hunt in u.s. political history. enjoy! yesterday i was thrilled to be with so many wonderful friends in utahs magnificent capitol.it was my honor to sign two presidential proclamations that will modify the national monuments designations of both bears ears and grand staircase escalante... join me this friday in pensacola florida at the pensacola bay center! tickets:. make america great again! our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of californias wildfires. i encourage everyone to heed the advice and orders of local and state officials. thank you to all first responders for your incredible work! join me live from the @whitehouse via #periscope. i have determined that it is time to officially recognize jerusalem as the capital of israel. i am also directing the state department to begin preparation to move the american embassy from tel aviv to jerusalem... go get the new book on andrew jackson by brian kilmeade...really good. @foxandfriends. national pearl harbor remembrance day - a day that will live in infamy! december 7 1941. today our entire nation pauses to remember pearl harborand the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and fought for america. god bless our heroes who wear the uniform and god bless the united states of america. #pearlharborremembranceday. today the u.s. flag flies at half-staff at the @whitehouse in honor of national pearl harbor remembrance day. today as we remember pearl harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving veterans of the attack on 12 7 1941. they are heroes and they are living witnesses to american history. all american hearts are filled with gratitude for their service and their sacrifice. across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of europe and the pacific throughout the war one great battle cry could be heard by americas friends and foes alike:remember pearl harbor. tonight @flotus melania and i were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @whitehouse and wish them all a very #happyhanukkah. i fulfilled my campaign promise - others didnt! big crowd expected today in pensacola florida for a make america great again speech. we have done so much in so short a period of time...and yet are planning to do so much more! see you there! last thing the make america great again agenda needs is a liberal democrat in senate where we have so little margin for victory already. the pelosi schumer puppet jones would vote against us 100 of the time. hes bad on crime life border vets guns & military. vote roy moore! fines and penalties against wells fargo bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be dropped as has incorrectly been reported but will be pursued and if anything substantially increased. i will cut regs but make penalties severe when caught cheating! make america great again! the unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 4.1 . the unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 2.6 the lowest ever recorded. the unemployment rate among hispanics dropped to 4.7 the lowest ever recorded...@secretaryacosta @usdol. on my way to pensacola florida. see everyone soon! #maga. just arrived at the pensacola bay center. join me live on @foxnews in 10 minutes! #maga. this is your land this is your home and it s your voice that matters the most. so speak up be heard and fight fight fight for the change you ve been waiting for your entire life!merry christmas and thank you pensacola florida! we believe that every american should stand for the national anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one nation under god! great evening last night in pensacola florida. arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and really smart. they definitely get whats going on. thank you pensacola! a big contingent of very enthusiastic roy moore fans at the rally last night. we cant have a pelosi schumer liberal democrat jones in that important alabama senate seat. need your vote to make america great again! jones will always vote against what we must do for our country. fake news cnn made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday. they were caught red handed just like lonely brian ross at abc news who should be immediately fired for his mistake . watch to see if @cnn fires those responsible or was it just gross incompetence? cnns slogan is cnn the most trusted name in news. everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a fraud on the american public. there are many outlets that are far more trusted than fake news cnn. their slogan should be cnn the least trusted name in news! heading to the great state of mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected governor @philbryantms. look forward to seeing the new civil rights museum! it was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the mississippi state history museum & the mississippi civil rights museum. we pay solemn tribute to our heroes of the past & dedicate ourselves to building a future of freedom equality justice & peace. have a great game today @usarmy and @usnavy - i will be watching. we love our u.s. military. on behalf of an entire nation thank you for your sacrifice and service! #armynavygame #usa. .@daveweigel @washingtonpost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before i arrived @ the venue w thousands of people outside on their way in. real photos now shown as i spoke. packed house many people unable to get in. demand apology & retraction from fake news wapo! .@daveweigel of the washington post just admitted that his picture was a fake fraud? showing an almost empty arena last night for my speech in pensacola when in fact he knew the arena was packed as shown also on t.v. . fake news he should be fired. great army - navy game. army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commander-in-chiefs trophy last time was 1996 . wow! congratulations! great army - navy game. army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the commander-in-chiefs trophy! congratulations! no american should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in our country. our cities should be sanctuaries for americans not for criminal aliens! things are going really well for our economy a subject the fake news spends as little time as possible discussing! stock market hit another record high unemployment is now at a 17 year low and companies are coming back into the usa. really good news and much more to come! getting closer and closer on the tax cut bill. shaping up even better than projected. house and senate working very hard and smart. end result will be not only important but special! very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the fake news media. they are out of control - correct reporting means nothing to them. major lies written then forced to be withdrawn after they are exposed...a stain on america! another false story this time in the failing @nytimes that i watch 4-8 hours of television a day - wrong! also i seldom if ever watch cnn or msnbc both of which i consider fake news. i never watch don lemon who i once called the dumbest man on television! bad reporting. despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the democrats have been unable to show any collusion with russia - so now they are moving on to the false accusations and fabricated stories of women who i dont know and or have never met. fake news! lightweight senator kirsten gillibrand a total flunky for chuck schumer and someone who would come to my office begging for campaign contributions not so long ago and would do anything for them is now in the ring fighting against trump. very disloyal to bill & crooked-used! the people of alabama will do the right thing. doug jones is pro-abortion weak on crime military and illegal immigration bad for gun owners and veterans and against the wall. jones is a pelosi schumer puppet. roy moore will always vote with us. vote roy moore! consumer confidence is at an all-time high along with a record high stock market. unemployment is at a 17 year low. make america great again! working to pass massive tax cuts looking good . wishing all of those celebrating #hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of those they love. congratulations to doug jones on a hard fought victory. the write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a win. the people of alabama are great and the republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. it never ends! the reason i originally endorsed luther strange and his numbers went up mightily is that i said roy moore will not be able to win the general election. i was right! roy worked hard but the deck was stacked against him! wow more than 90 of fake news media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. hence my use of social media the only way to get the truth out. much of mainstream meadia has become a joke! @foxandfriends. if last nights election proved anything it proved that we need to put up great republican candidates to increase the razor thin margins in both the house and senate. thank you omarosa for your service! i wish you continued success. republican tax cuts are looking very good. all are working hard. in the meantime the stock market hit another record high! as a candidate i promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working americans. if you make your voices heard this moment will be forever remembered as a great new beginning the dawn of a brilliant american future shining with patriotism prosperity and pride! today we gathered in the roosevelt room for one single reason: to cut the red tape! for many decades an ever-growing maze of regs rules and restrictions has cost our country trillions of dollars millions of jobs countless american factories & devastated entire industries. when americans are free to thrive innovate & prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large & no goal beyond our reach. we are a nation of explorers pioneers innovators & inventors. we are nation of people who work hard dream big & who never ever give up... in 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the code of federal regulations. today there are over 185000 pages as seen in the roosevelt room.today we cut the red tape! it is time to set free our dreams and make america great again! manufacturing optimism rose to another all-time high in the latest @shopfloornam outlook survey.